---
title: "'The guy is incredible' - Usyk v Dubois 2 predictions"
date: "2025-07-19T06:05:01.000Z"
slug: "'the-guy-is-incredible'-usyk-v-dubois-2-predictions"
source: "BBC Sport"
original_link: "https://www.bbc.com/sport/boxing/articles/c8e47w3gz6go"
description: "BBC Sport gathers predictions from fighters and pundits for Daniel Dubois' rematch with Oleksandr Usyk."
mode: "summarize"
image: "https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/ace/branded_sport/1200/cpsprodpb/476e/live/f235be20-63ee-11f0-89ea-4d6f9851f623.jpg"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "bbc.com"
---
<div id="readability-page-1" class="page"><article id="urn-bbc-ares--article-c8e47w3gz6go"><header data-component="headline-block"><h2 id="main-heading" type="headline" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">'The guy is incredible' - Usyk v Dubois 2 predictions</span></h2></header><div data-component="media-block"><figure><figcaption><span>Media caption, </span><p>Dubois stone heavier than Usyk at weigh-in</p></figcaption></figure></div><div data-component="text-block"><p><b>Daniel Dubois is seeking revenge and to make history when he fights Oleksandr Usyk on Saturday at Wembley stadium.</b></p><p>The Londoner aims to add Usyk's WBA (Super), WBO and WBC world titles to his collection and become the first British heavyweight to become undisputed heavyweight champion since 1999.</p><p>Dubois, 27, was <a href="https://www.bbc.com/sport/boxing/66631986">stopped by the unbeaten Usyk in 2023</a> but has won three fights in a row since then, collecting the IBF world title on the way.</p><p>With Usyk seemingly in the dying embers of his career aged 38, can the Ukrainian prove a point against a re-energised Dubois? Or will the Englishman announce himself as the best heavyweight in the world?</p><p>BBC Sport asked the world of boxing for their predictions.</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Retired-world-champion-Tony-Bellew" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Retired world champion Tony Bellew</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"Usyk to win anywhere between rounds eight to 12, but I think he may have to get off the floor for the first time in his career. </p><p>"Dubois is at an all-time high with confidence. It will take Usyk six or seven rounds to beat that out of him, but by round eight or nine he will be done and then it's about whether he can continue to absorb what Usyk is dishing out after that."</p></div><div data-component="text-block"><p>"Dubois has a real shot here. He has great confidence right now and sooner or later Father Time may get Usyk. Patriotism aside I think Usyk will drain him and stop him between rounds nine and 12."</p></div><div><p><strong>Usyk v Dubois 2</strong></p><div><p>Saturday, 19 July</p><p>Wembley Stadium</p></div></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Retired-twoweight-world-champion-Carl-Frampton" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Retired two-weight world champion Carl Frampton</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"We all know Daniel is a better fighter than he was the first time he fought Usyk and people are talking about his run of form - but no one is talking about Usyk's run of form. His last five victories are two against Fury, Dubois and two against Joshua. </p><p>"The guy is incredible and I've given up backing against him. Usyk wins a comprehensive points decision."</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Dazn-broadcaster-Ade-Oladipo" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Dazn broadcaster Ade Oladipo</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"Dubois is coming up against a genius and an all-time great. The equaliser could be age - Usyk is now 38 and this is a young man's game but I am going Usyk on a wide points win."</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Former-undisputed-heavyweight-champion-Lennox-Lewis" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Former undisputed heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"Dubois has to get that jab going, push him against the ropes and start combinations - don't waste punches and stay eager. Remember he is the true heavyweight and needs to press him. </p><p>"Usyk is the number one guy, a great boxer and a great champion. When you come you have to come with that in mind and be first and be last with your punches."</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Heavyweight-Johnny-Fisher" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Heavyweight Johnny Fisher</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"If Dubois lands anything similar to that body shot again and follows it up a little bit better, I think he'll get the victory and a stoppage."</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Supermiddleweight-Callum-Simpson" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Super-middleweight Callum Simpson</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"I'm going to have to go for Usyk on points. I want Dubois to win but Usyk is a generational talent, his skill and IQ is just so special."</p></div><div data-component="media-block"><figure><figcaption><span>Media caption, </span><p>'I'm unstoppable and in the prime of my life' - Dubois</p></figcaption></figure></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Retired-world-champion-Dazn-analyst-Darren-Barker" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Retired world champion &amp; Dazn analyst Darren Barker</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"Usyk is a master and Dubois is full of confidence. I lean towards Usyk on this one. Perhaps a late stoppage or on points, but I'm not ruling out Dubois - he's a man on a mission."</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Olympic-champion-Galal-Yafai" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Olympic champion Galal Yafai</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"I have to go Usyk, how can you bet against him? Dubois is a great kid who has come on leaps and bounds. He's in form and a terrific fighter, but Usyk is just a great."</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Welterweight-Harlem-Eubank" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Welterweight Harlem Eubank</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"Dubois has all the tools to win but Usyk is a tricky customer, which he has shown time and time again. Dubois is a guy who potentially has the best chance to beat him but you have to go with Usyk."</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Former-world-champion-Joe-Cordina" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Former world champion Joe Cordina</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"Usyk will beat Dubois. The last fight Dubois was very unlucky not to win. If Dubois can get on him early doors, but he'll be very aware of that, Usyk, and I think he'll step his game up this fight. </p><p>"He beats Dubois now, and then he'll be in the history books. He's in the history books anyway but what I mean is he will go down as the one of the greatest heavyweights that has ever been."</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="BBC-Radio-5-Live-boxing-analyst-Steve-Bunce" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">BBC Radio 5 Live boxing analyst Steve Bunce</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"Usyk wins because he's just that much smarter. I don't rule out Dubois hitting him on the chin but he'd have to do that repeatedly and I don't sense signs of decay yet in Usyk. </p><p>"Usyk isn't dependent on being strong and fast - he's a smart fighter - I think he could hide the decline for a few fights and get away with it. </p><p>"He doesn't get hit on the chin often enough to be in trouble and that won't happen in this fight. I think he wins after eight or nine rounds."</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Commonwealth-Games-medallist-Taylor-Bevan" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Commonwealth Games medallist Taylor Bevan</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"Dubois has shown big improvements in his last few fights, But I'd say Usyk's skills and experience will be too much for him, I think Usyk wins that one on points."</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Superfeatherweight-Ryan-Garner" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Super-featherweight Ryan Garner</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"I have to go with Usyk, he's class isn't he? Dubois has come on leaps and bounds, he's on a roll but you have to favour Usyk. But who knows with the way Dubois has been going recently. </p><p>"I saw the low blow and I have to say it was borderline, I think Usyk milked it a bit but it was close and who knows what could have happened on another day."</p></div><div data-component="text-block"><p>"I'm going against the grain but I think Dubois wins. He has looked incredible in his last couple of fights, he's fearless, technically a very good boxer and his power is exceptional. </p><p>"I love Usyk and his legacy but from the moment this fight was announced I thought it was going to be Dubois."</p></div><div data-component="media-block"><figure><figcaption><span>Media caption, </span><p>Usyk has so much 'respect for UK fans'</p></figcaption></figure></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Boxing-coach-Dave-Coldwell" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Boxing coach Dave Coldwell</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"It all depends if Usyk has anything left and the Fury fights haven't taken too much out of him. The question mark for me is Father Time. If time hasn't caught up with him then he beats Dubois again. If not, we could see a changing of the guard."</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Dazn-broadcaster-Adam-Smith" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Dazn broadcaster Adam Smith</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>"Logic says it will be repeat for the pound-for-pound king Usyk who still looked at his supreme best in the return with Fury - and is brilliant in rematches - but Dubois will never have a better chance and is in the form of his life - mentally and physically at 27."</p></div><section data-component="links-block"><p><h2 type="normal">More boxing from the BBC</h2></p><ul role="list"><li></li></ul></section></article></div>