---
title: "NASCAR at Dover predictions, odds: 2025 AutoTrader EchoPark Automotive picks from model that called 26 wins"
date: "2025-07-20T12:46:58.000Z"
slug: "nascar-at-dover-predictions-odds:-2025-autotrader-echopark-automotive-picks-from-model-that-called-26-wins"
source: "CBSSports.com Headlines"
original_link: "https://www.cbssports.com/nascar/news/nascar-at-dover-predictions-odds-2025-autotrader-echopark-automotive-picks-from-model-that-called-26-wins/"
description: "SportsLine reveals its projected leaderboard for the 2025 AutoTrader EchoPark Automotive 400 and Round 4 of the NASCAR In-Season Challenge. Use it for NASCAR picks at sites like DraftKings, FanDuel and PrizePicks."
mode: "in_depth"
image: "https://sportshub.cbsistatic.com/i/r/2025/07/20/5b375391-869e-4bd2-8e65-90024fea538f/thumbnail/1200x675/67d3080deb97ad8f1d589ee5c817109c/tyler-reddick.jpg"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "cbssports.com"
---
The 2025 NASCAR Playoffs begin in just six weeks, and time is running out for drivers who haven't managed to earn a win and are racing to get into the postseason on points. The 2025 AutoTrader EchoPark Automotive 400 will be held on Sunday at Dover Motor Speedway, an oval affectionately referred to as "The Monster Mile" that first appeared on the NASCAR schedule in 1969. Three of the six remaining races during the regular season will be on tracks that measure a mile or shorter, so this will be a huge opportunity for teams to dial in their short-track setups for the stretch run.The green flag drops at 2 p.m. ET on Sunday. Denny Hamlin is the +500 favorite in the 2025 AutoTrader EchoPark Automotive 400 odds after capturing his second career win at Dover last year. Chase Elliott (+1100) will start on the pole for Sunday's showdown. Before entering any 2025 AutoTrader EchoPark Automotive 400 picks, NASCAR DFS lineups on sites like DraftKings and FanDuel, or locking in NASCAR props on sites like PrizePicks, Sleeper Fantasy, and Underdog Fantasy, be sure to see the latest 2025 NASCAR at Dover predictions from SportsLine's proven projection model.Developed by daily Fantasy pro and SportsLine predictive data engineer Mike McClure, this proprietary NASCAR prediction model simulates every race 10,000 times, taking into account factors such as track history and recent results.McClure's model began the 2025 season by calling Chase Elliott's win in the Cook Out Clash at Bowman Gray for a +300 payout. Then it went on to predict Kyle Larson in Miami (+350), Christopher Bell's NASCAR All-Star Race win (+600), Denny Hamlin's win in Michigan (+650), Shane van Gisbergen's win in Mexico City (+330), Elliott's win in Atlanta (+1500) and van Gisbergen again in Chicago (+150) and Sonoma (+125).
        

All told, the model has nailed seven winners this year and a whopping 26 winners since 2021. Anyone who followed its lead on betting apps and sportsbooks on those NASCAR picks could have seen huge returns. New users also have the opportunity to take advantage of the latest Bet365 promo code, DraftKings promo code and Fanatics Sportsbook promo code.Now, the model simulated the 2025 AutoTrader EchoPark Automotive 400 10,000 times. Head to SportsLine to see the complete projected NASCAR at Dover leaderboard.Top 2025 AutoTrader EchoPark Automotive 400 predictionsFor Sunday's 2025 AutoTrader EchoPark Automotive 400, the model is high on Joey Logano, even though he's a +2600 longshot in the latest 2025 NASCAR at Dover odds from FanDuel. He's a target for anyone looking for a huge payday and first-time users can also get $150 in bonus bets if their first bet wins with this FanDuel promo code.
        

Coming off a ninth-place finish at Sonoma last week, Logano is 11th in the NASCAR standings but he's assured a spot in the 2025 NASCAR Playoffs thanks to a win and there being three other winners well behind him on points. The three-time NASCAR Cup Series champion was in a similarly fringy position last season but managed to earn his way into the postseason and then continually snuck through each round on his way to winning the title.He's never won before at Dover, but he does have five top-five finishes and 15 top 10s in 28 career Cup starts at "The Monster Mile," so he's run well there generally. The win in Fort Worth looks like the turning point of Logano's season after a rough start and the model is predicting that he puts together another strong run on Sunday and is an inherent value at this price.The model has also revealed a shocking NASCAR prop for Sunday: Tyler Reddick finishes top five for a +240 payout at BetMGM. He's potentially a strong value pick for your Dover NASCAR prop bets, and you can also get up to $1,500 in bonus bets if your first bet loses with this BetMGM promo code.
        

Reddick has made the NASCAR playoffs in each of the last four seasons and has emerged as a serious title contender since joining 23XI Racing in 2023. He finished sixth in the NASCAR standings during his first season with 23XI and then made the NASCAR Cup Series Championship last season, going on to finish fourth in the season finale at Phoenix on a day when little went his way.He's fourth in the standings entering Sunday's race at "The Monster Mile" and he'll comfortably make the postseason again barring four more first-time winners over the final six races of the season. Over his last three races, Reddick has finished fourth, third and sixth, and he'll look to keep that momentum going this week at Dover, where he's managed strong runs (seventh and 11th) in each of the last two seasons. See which other drivers to avoid and the rest of the projected NASCAR leaderboard at SportsLine.How to make 2025 NASCAR at Dover picksThe model is also targeting three  other drivers with Dover NASCAR odds of 14-1 or longer to make a serious run at the checkered flag. Anyone who backs these drivers could hit it big. You can see all of the model's NASCAR picks, props, and projected leaderboard over at SportsLine.
        

So who wins the 2025 AutoTrader EchoPark Automotive 400, and which longshots are must-backs? Check out the latest 2025 NASCAR at Dover odds below, then visit SportsLine now to see the full NASCAR Dover projected leaderboard, all from the model that has nailed 26 winners, and find out.2025 NASCAR Dover odds, drivers, lineupSee the full NASCAR at Dover picks at SportsLine(odds subject to change)Denny Hamlin +500Kyle Larson +550Ryan Blaney +750William Byron +750Chase Elliott +1100Christopher Bell +1200Tyler Reddick +1400Ross Chastain +1400Chase Briscoe +1600Kyle Busch +2200Alex Bowman +2200Joey Logano +2600Carson Hocevar +2600Chris Buescher +2600Ty Gibbs +2800Brad Keselowski +2900Austin Cindric +3700Ryan Preece +5000Josh Berry +5000Bubba Wallace +6000AJ Allmendinger +6000Erik Jones +6000Ricky Stenhouse Jr. +9500Michael McDowell +11000Shane Van Gisbergen +11000Daniel Suarez +12000