---
title: "Takeaways: Team Collier wins, Skylar makes history"
date: "2025-07-20T15:14:26.000Z"
slug: "takeaways:-team-collier-wins-skylar-makes-history"
source: "www.espn.com - TOP"
original_link: "https://www.espn.com/wnba/story/_/id/45773459/wnba-all-star-game-2025-predictions-live-updates-results-takeaways-analysis"
description: "Check out the best moments from the 2025 WNBA All-Star Game."
mode: "summarize"
image: "https://a3.espncdn.com/combiner/i?img=%2Fphoto%2F2025%2F0720%2Fr1521204_1296x729_16%2D9.jpg"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "espn.com"
---
playNapheesa Collier leads Team Collier in high-scoring win over Team Clark (1:57)Napheesa Collier and Skylar Diggins lead the way as Team Collier defeats Team Clark. (1:57)ESPNJul 19, 2025, 11:10 PM ETTeam Collier is your WNBA All-Star Game winner! After a thrilling night filled with deep 4-pointers, broken records and lighthearted fun, Team Collier emerged victorious in Indianapolis with a 151-130 win over Team Clark.The evening was highlighted by Skylar Diggins, who made history as the first WNBA player to notch a triple-double in an All-Star Game. Napheesa Collier also delivered a standout performance, dropping 36 points to lead her team to triumph.Despite captain Caitlin Clark being sidelined due to injury, Team Clark had fun on the court, and both squads shared plenty of laughs while bonding over their love of the game, their love of winning and, perhaps most importantly, their love of GloRilla, the halftime performer.Here are some of our favorite moments from the 2025 WNBA All-Star Game.Jump to:
Top moments | Relive the All-Star GameTop moments from the WNBA All-Star Gameplay0:16Napheesa Collier sinks smooth 4-point jumperNapheesa Collier nonchalantly knocks down a deep 4-pointer off a pass from the arc.Alexa Philippou: Napheesa Collier's (continued) coronation as the best player in the WNBA. In her player intro before the game, Collier imitated putting a crown on her head. Queen Phee showed herself to be just that Saturday night, as she has throughout this past year, from the 2024 WNBA playoffs to the inaugural Unrivaled season to her 2025 campaign with the Minnesota Lynx in which she is the MVP front-runner.Collier's 36 points established a WNBA All-Star Game record. For the third straight year, we've seen history made in the big game with players setting the scoring record: Jewell Loyd and Breanna Stewart had 31 points apiece in 2023, Arike Ogunbowale reached 34 in 2024 and now Collier with 36.Michael Voepel: Back in her home state of Indiana, South Bend native and Notre Dame legend Skylar Diggins seemed to really enjoy her All-Star Game outing -- and we enjoyed watching her. She registered the WNBA All-Star Game's first triple-double -- 11 points, 11 rebounds (tied for the most in an All-Star Game with Kayla Thornton) and 15 assists (an All-Star Game record) -- in helping lead Team Collier to victory. Diggins, who will turn 35 in August, is playing ageless basketball, and it's great to see.Kendra Andrews: The highlight of the All-Star Game for me has to be Kelsey Plum's first half, and not just her 14 points. Plum's antics on the court -- grabbing A'ja Wilson and running down the court with her arms wrapped around her as well as taking a dramatic pause before shooting a reverse layup around Collier -- are what make the All-Star game fun.Plum's zesty personality shines through in the best ways in this environment and is a reminder that this game is supposed to allow the players to have fun and not take themselves too seriously. Of course, it helps that she still got buckets.Katie Barnes: A highlight of the game for me has to be Rhyne Howard stepping in from the bench to take a corner 3-pointer. Injuries have been a prominent storyline surrounding this All-Star Game (Howard was one of the players on the injury list), and it was great to see her enjoy a fun moment, even though the ball didn't drop through. I love when All-Star Games embrace fun and celebratory silliness, and that moment ticked all those boxes.Relive the All-Star Game