---
title: "How every five-star college football recruit fits at his new school"
date: "2025-07-21T06:35:04.000Z"
slug: "how-every-five-star-college-football-recruit-fits-at-his-new-school"
source: "www.espn.com - TOP"
original_link: "https://www.espn.com/college-football/recruiting/story/_/id/44919006/ncaa-football-recruiting-2026-five-stars-fits-analysis"
description: "There are 23 five-stars in the class of 2026. We look at how they got to their teams and what they'll do in college."
mode: "summarize"
image: "https://a.espncdn.com/combiner/i?img=%2Fphoto%2F2024%2F0710%2Fr1356953_682x384_16%2D9.jpg"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "espn.com"
---
<p>Multiple ContributorsJul 20, 2025, 08:32 PM ETCollege football's 2026 recruiting class features a record 23 five-star prospects in the latest ESPN 300. In the wake of 15 five-star commitments since May 1, most recently with No. 1 overall running back Derrek Cooper's pledge to Texas on July 20, only one of those five-star talents -- Ole Miss, Oklahoma and Texas defensive end target Jake Kreul -- remains uncommitted at the end of a busy summer of moves atop the 2026 class.For each commitment, recruiting reporter Eli Lederman and scouts Craig Haubert and Tom Luginbill will look at how recruits landed at their school and what we can expect in college:Lamar Brown, DT2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 1Committed to: LSU TigersBackground: Brown, the versatile, 6-foot-5, 285-pound defender from Erwinville, Louisiana, opted to stay home with the Tigers on July 10 at the end of a neck-and-neck recruiting battle between LSU and SEC rival Texas A&M, which worked harder than any program to pull Brown out of the state.Brown followed wide receiver Tristen Keys (No. 10 overall) as the Tigers' second five-star pledge in 2026 after the program secured five-stars Solomon Thomas and D.J. Pickett last cycle. He's one of four top 100 defenders in LSU's incoming class alongside defensive end Trenton Henderson (No. 61), cornerback Havon Finney Jr. (No. 72 ) and defensive tackle Richard Anderson (No. 93). If Brown remains at No. 1 in the ESPN 300 and signs with the Tigers later this year, he'll arrive as the program's first top-ranked addition since Leonard Fournette in the 2014 cycle.Scout's take: Brown is the No. 1 overall recruit and a legitimate prospect on either side of the line of scrimmage.Focused on the defensive side of the ball, Brown is arguably even a better offensive lineman and that ability to contribute on either side of the ball in trenches further increases his value to the Tigers roster. Brown is a natural knee bender who can consistently play with leverage, balance and maximize power. In camp settings, he has tested well. On the field, he displays good agility and range for a big man at around 290 pounds. He also carries that weight well, and with time and further physical development, he can easily play at over 300-pounds and still move efficiently.In addition to excellent physical tools, Brown also takes coaching well and quickly applies what he has learned. Those are traits that should help him work his way into the mix quickly, which will be expected from the hometown prospect with his ranking.The Tigers might be tempted to play Brown on the offensive side of the ball, but the plan at least in the immediate future is to play on defense. He looks poised to join a unit with some emerging talent in former five-star Dominick McKinley and Ahmad Breaux, who played well above his three-star ranking as a freshman. If they can continue to develop, Brown could enter an ideal situation where he can gain some early experience rotating in with proven players. -- HaubertZion Elee, DE2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 2Committed to: Maryland TerrapinsBackground: Once ranked as the cycle's No. 1 defender, Elee committed to Maryland on Dec. 7, 2024, after logging 120 total tackles and 23 sacks across his sophomore and junior seasons. If he ultimately signs later this year, Elee will join the Terps as the highest-ranked recruit in program history.Despite his December pledge, Elee stayed in touch with other Power 4 programs in January and initially scheduled spring official visits to Auburn, Ohio State, Penn State, South Carolina and Texas A&M before canceling those trips and formally shutting down his recruitment in late February. As things stand, Elee is still locked in with the Terps with his June 20 trip to Maryland standing as the only official visit on his calendar this spring.Scout's take: Good recruiting starts at home. If Maryland holds on to Elee, he'd be the first No. 1 prospect from the area to reach Maryland in the ESPN 300 era, and the first time in five cycles the Terps landed the top in-state prospect. At roughly 6-foot-4 with an 80-inch wingspan, Elee is a lean, lengthy and disruptive edge rusher. That length blended with an excellent first step and a strong motor wreaks havoc off the edge. Maryland ranked last in sacks (14) in the Big Ten in 2024. The Terps hope signing Elee and 2025 ESPN 300 defensive end Zahir Mathis will remedy that situation. They could emerge as one of the conference's most formidable pass-rushing duos. -- HaubertJackson Cantwell, OT2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 3Committed to: Miami HurricanesBackground: Cantwell is the son of two Olympic shot putters -- including a silver medalist at the 2008 Beijing Games -- and his commitment to the Hurricanes marks perhaps the biggest recruiting win in Mario Cristobal's tenure leading Miami.A towering, yet athletic lineman, Cantwell kept in-state Missouri and Michigan involved in his process before cutting his finalists to Georgia, Miami, Ohio State and Oregon last month. Cantwell took a multi-day trip to see the Hurricanes in March and joins Miami as the program's highest-ranked pledge since Cristobal took over following the 2021 season. Cantwell, a two-time state champion shot putter who holds multiple national high school throwing records, intends to continue his track and field career alongside football in college.Scout's take: A former offensive lineman at Miami, Cristobal has landed a key building block for that unit. The Canes' O-Line unit looks to be strong this season, but could lose several pieces from that group after this season. Cristobal began reloading the unit in the Class of 2025, by signing the top interior offensive lineman in the country in S.J. Alofaituli, who projects to be in the mix this fall. Now the Canes has the No. 1 OT in the 2026 class.Cantwell is a massive presence at roughly 6-foot-7 and 320 pounds and is powerful and tenacious in his play. Beyond his size, Cantwell is a flexible big body with good feet. He could have some growing pains early in his college career in pass protection, but should be expected to come in and play right away. His arrival could time well with the potential departure of 2023 five-star OL Francis Mauigoa who is projected as a 2026 first-round NFL pick. Cantwell could have a similar trajectory as Mauigoa in that he is a plug-and-play addition that experiences some early challenges but continues to develop into a key piece of the unit and an eventual NFL prospect. -- HaubertDia Bell, QB2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 4Committed to: Texas LonghornsBackground: Bell, the son of 12-year NBA veteran Raja Bell, is the nation's top QB recruit and the longest-tenured member of the Longhorns' 2026 class. He has been locked in with Texas since he committed in June 2024 following a series of visits with the program last spring.A three-year starter at American Heritage, Bell threw for 2,597 yards and 29 touchdowns with a 70.6% completion percentage as a junior last fall before suffering a season-ending leg injury. Despite flip efforts from Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia and LSU earlier this year, Bell's sights remain set on signing with the Longhorns and coach Steve Sarkisian in December.Scout's take: Hopefully Bell takes a page out of Arch Manning's development blueprint when it comes to patience and focus. He's going to only get bigger, stronger and more mature without being thrown into the fire right away. Bell's fit is quite similar to what Manning brought to the Longhorns. He's a naturally gifted passer who is a better athlete and runner than Quinn Ewers and gives the Longhorns another player they can develop. Bell has continually performed at a high level against top high school competition and should be ready to make the leap to the next level. -- Tom LuginbillChris Henry Jr., WR2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 5Committed to: Ohio State BuckeyesBackground: The son of late Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver Chris Henry, Chris Henry Jr. has been committed since July 2023, longer than any other prospect within the 2026 ESPN 300.A knee injury sidelined Henry for the majority of his junior campaign, but he proved himself as an elite playmaker in his last complete season, when he totaled 71 catches for 1,127 receiving yards and 10 touchdowns as a sophomore at Withrow (Ohio) High School in 2023. Initially set for official visits to Ohio State, Miami, Oregon and USC this spring, Henry shut down his recruitment April 1.Scout's take: To best maximize his traits, the Buckeyes will need to deploy Henry on the outside. He's a one-on-one matchup problem on 50-50 balls whom Ohio State can maximize -- particularly in the red zone. Even when covered, he isn't really covered. Few wide receivers 6-foot-5 or taller can move, shake and produce after the catch like Henry. He shows an amazing run-and-catch aspect in the vertical passing game. Henry's long arms and ability to elevate in traffic create distinct advantages on jump balls. His twitchiness is very similar to that of Bengals wide receiver Tee Higgins and sets him apart from other receivers at this size. -- Tom LuginbillJared Curtis, QB2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 6Committed to: Georgia BulldogsBackground: Initially committed to Georgia in March 2024, Curtis took a winding road back to the Bulldogs' 2026 class after he pulled his pledge and reopened his recruitment last October.Alabama, Auburn, Georgia, Ohio State, Oregon and South Carolina were all involved in Curtis' process earlier this year. Curtis narrowed his options to the Bulldogs and Ducks in February, ultimately closing his recruitment with a series of visits and in-home meetings with both programs this spring prior to his May 5 announcement. In the 6-foot-4, 225-pound passer, coach Kirby Smart once again has the cycle's second-ranked quarterback and a potential cornerstone for the program's future under center.Scout's take: Curtis will join a QB room at Georgia that is loaded with former ranked prospects and his move will likely send one or more of those players to the transfer portal. Curtis has ideal size at 6-3, 222 pounds and has tracked at 18.5 MPH Max Speed which is impressive for someone his size. His measurable standard in every category tested meets or exceeds every measure you'd like to have in a QB prospect.He has natural arm power, which is his best trait, and he makes throws from a lot of different arm angles. He has been clocked at a 4.8 40. He can be a crafty runner and use his athleticism, smarts and arm talent to make throws in and out of the pocket. -- LuginbillDerrek Cooper, RB2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 7Committed to: Texas LonghornsBackground: Cooper, ESPN's No. 1 running back in the 2026 cycle became the second-ranked member of the Longhorns' 2026 class when he announced his commitment to Texas over Georgia, Miami, Florida State and Ohio State on July 20.A versatile, pass-catching running back out of Florida's Chaminade-Madonna Preparatory School, Cooper did not take an official visit with the Longhorns this spring, but was ultimately swayed to Texas by running backs coach Chad Scott and the all-purpose role Steve Sarkisian's coaching staff presented him within the program's offense. With Cooper, the Longhorns hold more five-star pledges -- four -- than any other program in the 2026 class with No. 1 overall quarterback Dia Bell, defensive end Richard Wesley (No. 11 overall) and top-ranked outside linebacker Tyler Atkinson (No. 14) all sitting atop Texas' incoming recruiting class.Scout's take: Cooper is the most complete running back in this class. He has an outstanding blend of speed, power, agility and versatility. He is a big back at a little over 6-foot-1 and roughly 200 pounds with a powerful stride. Cooper is reminiscent of a former Longhorns rival, Adrian Peterson. With Cooper's build, he can run downhill and create yards after contact but also has the agility to make defenders miss with the proven speed to pull away when he gets in the open.His measurables make him an impressive back but it's other attributes that elevated him to five-star status. Cooper has impressed with his ball skill and route running ability and can be a weapon in the passing game, bringing versatility in how he can be aligned to attack defenses. Those attributes are accentuated by a competitive drive and his ability to quickly process coaching and apply it.Texas has a back in Quintrevion Wisner who has good size and is also a productive pass catcher who led Texas in rushing in 2024 while also finishing third in receptions. With Cooper, the Horns will bring in a runner in this mold but bigger and with better speed. There could be some overlap if Wisner returns in 2026, but either way the Longhorns have set themselves to replace an excellent and productive back with a player who can step into that role and impressively could have an even greater impact.Faizon Brandon, QB2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 8Committed to: Tennessee VolunteersBackground: Brandon committed to the Vols last August before totaling 2,159 passing yards and 27 touchdowns with one interception as a junior at Grimsley last fall.Brandon remains in near-daily contact with the Tennessee staff and has not engaged with other programs in 2025. He is focused instead on helping recruit a 2026 Vols class that already includes ESPN 300 pass catchers in wide receiver Tyreek King and tight end Carson Sneed. Brandon will take his official visit to Tennessee on June 20.Scout's take: The departure of Nico Iamaleava could allow Brandon to battle for the starting job sooner rather than later in a very quarterback-friendly system. Several recent Volunteers quarterbacks have similar stature, athleticism and arm strength. Brandon is more advanced than Hendon Hooker at the same stage and the pair share several traits. Brandon is also much more accurate than Joe Milton. While he lacks Iamaleava's polish at this stage, Brandon throws an exceptional deep ball, which is a requirement in this scheme that loves to attack vertically. -- LuginbillJaReylan McCoy, DE2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 9Committed to: Florida GatorsBackground: ESPN's No. 2 defender in the 2026 class has logged 18.5 sacks and more than 140 total tackles over three varsity seasons. If he signs with the Gators in December, he'll represent Florida's highest-ranked defensive addition in more than a decade.McCoy initially committed to LSU earlier this year before reopening his recruitment in February. He trimmed his list of finalists to Florida, LSU and Texas last month, then sealed his commitment to the Gators across a pair of visits with the program between May 30 and June 14. McCoy will join former No. 10 overall prospect L.J. McCray as the program's second five-star defensive end when he arrives on campus in 2026.Scout's take: The Gators finished last season strong, creating optimism for 2025 and beyond in the Billy Napier era. Part of the strong close was improved defensive play, and while further improvement and more consistency is needed among its front, Florida is stacking some excellent young talent to further fuel the excitement.Former ESPN 300 edge rusher signees Tyreak Sapp and Kamran James should help fuel their ascension, but defenders more recently added can boost this unit to another level. The hope is that McCray, a five-star in the 2024 class, will break out and several new high-ceiling D-line signings -- including No. 6 DE Jalen Wiggins -- can get involved.Florida is stopping there and now add to the mix another five-star defender in McCoy. A breakout performer during the Under Armour All-America week this past January, that setting showcased his impact ability. He has elite length with a big frame and has demonstrated a competitive "alpha dog" nature and plays with a motor. He has also shown good practice habits and all those traits are accentuated with his excellent physical tools. He moves well with good flexibility and has excelled in combine testing situations. He can develop into an disruptive, top pass rusher but can also play the run and be a factor in pursuit with his mobility.McCoy has shown all the tools, that with continued positive progress, would align with past top SEC defenders. With his build, size and competitiveness, he can offer versatility as he can pair with McCray at the Edge spot initially but could also play inside at DT.Tristen Keys, WR2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 10Committed to: LSU TigersBackground: Keys, ESPN's No. 2 wide receiver prospect, committed to LSU over Alabama, Tennessee and Texas A&M on March 19. He stands as the Tigers' top-ranked 2026 commit and the leaders of one of the nation's deepest wide receiver classes alongside fellow ESPN 300 pass catchers and LSU pledges Jabari Mack and Kenny Darby.However, Keys' recruitment might not be over. The 6-foot-3, 190-pound receiver took a series of official visits in June, and Miami, Tennessee and Texas A&M remain among the program's working hard to flip Keys, who hits the summer months as perhaps the top flip candidate among the committed five-star prospects in the 2026 class.Scout's take: Even if he's not an elite runner, Keys' combination of size, range and ball skills is unmatched. Former LSU receiver Brandon LaFell is a favorable comparison. The Tigers can use Keys' length, long arms and physicality to create matchup headaches for defenses either inside or outside. Keys has great body control and coordination on jump balls, making him a dangerous threat even when covered. He won't win a lot of open-field foot races, but Keys could develop into a go-to option if utilized in the slot against zone coverages or on the outside for deep balls. -- LuginbillRichard Wesley, DE2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 11Committed to: Texas LonghornsBackground: Briefly committed to Oregon in May, Wesley found a new home when he committed to the Longhorns on June 22 shortly after wrapping an official visit with the program. Wesley, a 6-foot-5, 250-pound pass rusher from Chatsworth, California, entered the ESPN 300 as a five-star prospect and the nation's No. 3 defensive end upon reclassifying from the 2027 cycle in March. He made unofficial visits to Ohio State, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Texas A&M and USC this spring before scheduling officials with Oregon and Texas in June. Upon his commitment, he joined five-star Longhorns quarterback Dia Bell (No. 6 overall) commit as Texas' second five-star pledge in 2026.Scout's take: Wesley has the most impact potential of any defensive line prospect coming out of the Southern California area since Kayvon Thibodeaux in 2019. He will join a talented D-line group in Texas' 2026 class. Headed to the SEC, he reminds us of a former disruptive defender in that conference -- former Ole Miss standout Robert Nkemdiche.Wesley has more ideal length but is a well put-together prospect with a nice blend of height and bulk. He can bring versatility in how he's used, with the ability to play on the edge and also produce inside and exploit favorable matchups with his blend of power and quickness.He reclassified from 2027 class to 2026 and when you see him in-person, it is clear he is able physically to make that jump and be ready to move onto college. He could be a quick contributor as well. He can continue to further improve flexibility, but he is an explosive defender with active and heavy hands who can attack with speed and power as a pass rusher and be able to set the edge.With national championship aspirations, the Longhorns turned to the transfer portal to restock their defensive line for 2025, but the future of this unit will be driven by youth with players like Wesley.His arrival is set to overlap with current standout edge defender Colin Simmons, whose presence could help Wesley ease into a role while still contributing and having an impact like Simmons did as a freshman in 2024. He could also pair nicely with 2025 signee five-star Justus Terry, who is in a similar mold to Wesley and the two could form a formidable pair for a defensive line unit that is adding the pieces to become one of the most talented in all of college football over the next few years. -- HaubertKendre' Harrison, TE2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 12Committed to: Oregon DucksBackground: Harrison kept a low recruiting profile after he committed to Oregon over Tennessee, North Carolina, Miami, Penn State and Florida State before officially shutting down his recruitment in March.A two-sport star who is committed to play basketball with the Ducks, now includes two other five-stars in offensive tackle Immanuel Iheanacho and safety Jett Washington. Harrison, North Carolina's second-ranked recruit in 2026, will be back on campus for an official visit with the Ducks in June.Scout's take: The tight end position played a pivotal role in Oregon fielding one of college football's best passing attacks in 2024, with Terrance Ferguson hauling in 43 catches. While Harrison won't arrive for another season, he'll help the Ducks reload at that spot and could supply even greater big-play ability.For Ferguson, the presence of Tez Johnson and Evan Stewart opened up more room to operate. Oregon's high-level recruiting should allow Harrison to enjoy a similar situation playing alongside No. 1 wide receiver Dakorien Moore. An excellent basketball player, the 6-foot-6 Harrison has elite height, length and a massive catch radius. Much like former basketball-to-football standouts Jimmy Graham, Antonio Gates and Julius Thomas, Harrison can high-point the ball and box out defenders in contested situations, giving Oregon another dangerous playmaker in the passing game. -- HaubertImmanuel Iheanacho, OT2026 ESPN 300 ranking: No. 13Committed to: Oregon DucksBackground: Initially set to announce his decision on Aug. 5, Iheanacho moved up his commitment and joined Kendre' Harrison and safety Jett Washington as the Ducks' third five-star pledge in 2026.Iheanacho, the 6-foot-7, 350-pound prospect from North Bethesda, Maryland, is ESPN's second-ranked offensive tackle in 2026. He took visits to each of Auburn, LSU, Oregon and Penn State this spring before solidifying his place as the second-ranked pledge in the Ducks' incoming class. After losing four-star pledge Kodi Greene (No. 38 overall) and missing on Miami commit and No. 1 offensive tackle Jackson Cantwell (No. 3) this spring, Ihenacho gives coach Dan Lanning and Oregon a much-needed cornerstone on the offensive line this cycle.Scout's take: The five-star is a huge addition for the Ducks, literally, as Iheanacho is a massive physical presence consistently measuring in at roughly 6-foot-6 and around 350 pounds. At this past January's Under Armour All-America game, mixed with many of the nations top juniors and seniors, Iheanacho physically stood out among that offensive line group. His large frame also comes with elite arm length and he uses it well with violent hands.His ranking though goes beyond just physical measurables as he also possesses good flexibility and not surprisingly is a powerful player. He is listed at tackle, but during that UA All-America week he worked at left tackle and left guard and could find a home, at least initially, at guard. At that spot, his size and power can be utilized while he further refines his footwork, but in the long run, he has exhibited to the tools to develop into an NFL-caliber lineman.The Ducks are utilizing the portal to build their O-Line for 2025 with several notable transfers added to that unit. Youth will play a role in the future though. In the 2025 class, the Ducks signed five-star OT Douglas Utu and now have Iheanacho and ESPN 300 guard, and former Cal commit, Tommy Tofi. -- HaubertTyler Atkinson, OLB2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 14Committed to: Texas LonghornsBackground: Coach Steve Sarkisian and the Longhorns landed one of the nation's most productive high school defenders when Atkinson, ESPN's top-ranked outside linebacker in 2026, announced his commitment to Texas over Georgia, Clemson and Oregon on July 15.Atkinson, a 6-foot-2, 215-pound prospect from Loganville, Georgia, has been credited with 483 total tackles and 31.5 sacks across three seasons at Grayson (Georgia) High School, where he led the program to a 6A state title in 2024. Not only does Atkinson arrive as the third five-star pledge for the Longhorns in 2026, but his commitment marks the second time Texas has beaten Georgia for a prominent local talent over the last 12 months after Sarkisian and Co. pulled 2025 five-star defensive tackle Justus Terry -- another longtime in-state target for the Bulldogs -- to Austin last December.Scout's take: Atkinson lacks ideal height and that kept him off the initial list of five-stars. However, he has assembled a body of work that proved he was deserving of a fifth star. He has adequate height and reach, and his physical upside is likely limited, but he has consistently shown what he can do with the physical tools he has.He has been a highly productive player posting over 150 tackles each of the last two seasons and over 50 TFLs. He has a powerful lower body and it shows in his play. He possesses an explosive burst with elite closing speed, and when he arrives at the ball, he can deliver a punishing pop as a tackler. With very good body control and explosiveness he can also be a disruptive pass rusher and moves well in space to be effective in zone coverage. We have seen Atkinson display a competitive nature and versatile skill set during in-person evaluation with his ability to work with the defensive line unit as well as with the linebackers in the course of one camp.Atkinson might not possess some of the same upside as others ranked as five-stars, but he looks poised to arrive at Texas and immediately jump into the mix. His ability to contribute quickly could nicely mirror another former five-star addition and the player he could likely end up replacing -- 2023 five-star Anthony Hill Jr. who made an impact as a true freshman. While Texas has a talented linebacker corps and will have options to replace Hill, Atkinson seems to be an ideal remedy at middle linebacker for the Longhorns when that spot calls for the next man up.Brandon Arrington, ATH2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 15Committed to: Texas A&M AggiesBackground: Considered among the fastest prospects in the 2026 cycle, Arrington landed as the cornerstone pledge of an increasingly deep Texas A&M recruiting class.Arrington, a 6-foot-1 sprinter from outside of San Diego, visited Penn State, Washington, Texas A&M, Alabama and Oregon before narrowing his recruitment to the Aggies and Ducks. With a combination of height, length and speed that Texas A&M coaches have compared to the build of former All-SEC cornerback Will Lee, Arrington carries the potential to develop into a first-round caliber defensive back at the next level. If he ultimately lands with the Aggies later this year, he'll join as the program's highest-ranked signee under coach Mike Elko and its top addition since defensive tackle David Hicks (No. 8) in the 2023 class.Scout's take: Arrington brings a lot of the same traits that Jaylen Mbakwe brought to Alabama last fall. He's a dynamic athlete who could play multiple positions but projects best on defense because of his length and elite level speed. Texas A&M is getting a smooth, fluid playmaker with excellent ball skills that should be able to find him a spot in the rotation sooner rather than later given his mature skill set and the fact he plays at a premium position that every program in America covets.Outside of Dezz Ricks, the majority of the depth, including starters at corner, are all upperclassman. Arrington is going to have to fight and scrap to prove that he's mature enough to make the jump because he's more than ready from a talent perspective. -- LuginbillElbert Hill, CB2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 16Committed to: USC TrojansBackground: ESPN's No. 1 cornerback prospect followed five-star offensive tackle Keenyi Pepe as the second five-star pledge in Trojans coach Lincoln Riley's star-studded 2026 class.Hill grew up two hours northeast of Ohio State and visited the in-state Buckeyes along with Alabama, Oregon and USC earlier this spring. But no program pushed harder to land Hill than the Trojans, who secured his pledge after a second spring visit to Southern California over the last weekend of April. As things stands, Hill is the highest-ranked pledge in the nation's deepest recruiting class and sits as the top prospect committed to an impressive USC defensive class in 2026.Scout's take: Hill is a total football player and very dynamic. He has grown almost two inches over the last few years, and is now 5-11, which has greatly enhanced his value on the perimeter. He's a leaper as well allowing him to mask some height deficiencies. He plays on both sides of the ball with tremendous ball and playmaker skills. Hill also has elite speed, posting a 4.4 laser 40 and 21.3 mph max speed. He reminds us of former USC standout Adoree Jackson, another smooth and quick footed shutdown corner. He could even be an option on offense. He's a premier player at a premium position and USC is continuing to make strides on defense. -- LuginbillKeisean Henderson, ATH2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 17Committed to: Houston CougarsBackground: Henderson remains one of the most intriguing quarterback prospects in the 2026 cycle and spent the spring holding off flip efforts from some of the nation's top programs despite his long-standing pledge to Houston, situated roughly 28 miles from his home in Spring Creek, Texas.Committed to the Cougars since May 27, 2024, Henderson has repeatedly emphasized his intention to stick with Houston during the early months of 2025. But those public rebuffs didn't keep programs such as Alabama, Auburn, Florida State, Georgia, Ohio State and Oregon from keeping in touch and Henderson even scheduled an official visit with Florida State before canceling his Seminoles trip and shutting his recruitment on June 5. He remains the top-ranked pledge in Cougars coach Will Fritz's second recruiting class at Houston.Scout's take: It's unclear whether Henderson pans out at quarterback or another position. His fundamentals are raw, but he's very competitive and productive. Henderson is similar to Duke transfer quarterback Darian Mensah, who was recruited by coach Willie Fritz to Tulane before Fritz took the Houston job. Landing Henderson is a significant pickup for the Cougars, even if he's not polished enough to make an immediate impact. He's a developmental player who needs more consistency in the passing game and more downfield arm strength. Henderson builds toward his top-end speed as opposed to being initially explosive. He has hit 20.6 mph on tape, which is a great time for a quarterback. Henderson has a high ceiling regardless of his position. -- LuginbillKeenyi Pepe, OT2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 18Committed to: USC TrojansBackground: Originally from Long Beach California, the 6-foot-7, 325-pound offensive tackle from Florida's IMG Academy is set for a return to Southern California as the top-ranked pledge in coach Lincoln Riley's 2026 class at USC.Pepe is one of four offensive tackles among 2026's five-star prospects. He took over as the starting left tackle at IMG Academy during his junior season last fall and stiff-armed the likes of Florida, Georgia, Miami and Texas to join the Trojans' incoming class, where he projects as a potentially foundational piece for the future on the offensive line.Scout's take: Now a member of the Big Ten, USC is working to strengthen its roster in the trenches. The Trojans' 2026 class already has double-digit commitments along the offensive and defensive lines. Now, Pepe becomes the highest-ranked player in the class. There will be some turnover of the offensive line heading into the 2025 season with redshirt sophomore Elijah Paige returning at left tackle. Aaron Dunn and Alex Payne, both 2025 linemen ranked in the ESPN 300, come in with the 2025 class to provide young depth at least. Combine them with Pepe in the 2026 class, and USC has retooled its offensive line with some impactful recruits.Coming out of IMG, Pepe is a prospect who has faced strong competition in practice and games. He gives the Trojans a big man who can play a key role early in his career much like Paige, who stepped in as a starter as a redshirt freshman last season. Pepe is a massive presence at roughly 6-foot-7 and 320 pounds with excellent arm length. He is more than just a big body as he is also light on his feet for his size and has good flexibility. He can continue to work on and be more consistent in some technical areas but demonstrated as a junior at the Under Armour All-America game that he is competitive, wants to learn and get better and can match up and battle against elite edge rushers. Pepe has the tools to be a starter and anchor the Trojans OL and could end up being a nice replacement for Paige at left tackle in the future. -- HaubertKaiden Prothro, TE2026 ESPN 300 ranking: 19Committed to: Georgia BulldogsBackground: Prothro was a priority in-state target for Georgia this spring, and ESPN's second-ranked tight end prospect followed quarterback Jared Curtis as the program's second five-star pledge in 2026 when he committed to the Bulldogs over Florida and Texas on July 12.Prothro is considered one of the nation's most versatile pass-catching prospects in the 2026 class. The 6-foot-7, 210-pound recruit from Bowdon, Georgia, has recorded 89 receptions for 2,034 yards and 35 touchdowns over the last two varsity seasons at Bowdon High School, where Prothro is also a standout baseball and basketball talent. He'll sign later this year as the next big name in the Bulldogs' vaunted tight end pipeline alongside fellow tight end pledges Brayden Fogle (No. 142 overall) and Lincoln Keyes (No. 238). Capable of filling multiple roles across the offense, Prothro will be a candidate to earn early snaps when he lands on campus in 2026.Scout's take: Ranked as a five-star at the tight end position, we're not completely sure how Prothro will be labeled on the Bulldogs roster -- and ultimately it doesn't matter. With his blend of size, speed, agility and body control, he can contribute in many ways, including having the tools to develop into a disruptive edge defender.But he'll be on offense, where he can be a big-play target either as a wide receiver or tight end. He possesses elite size, measuring in at little over 6-foot-6 and around 210 pounds with a broad frame that can support some additional mass. In addition to his size and length, he also presents a wide catch radius due to his body control and ability to adjust to the ball. But Prothro is more than just a big body, as he elevates to a five-star in part because of his fluidity and impressive speed; he has been measured hitting better than 21 mph in game play. All those assets make for a receiver who can align in multiple ways and present some form of a mismatch wherever he is.You have to go back to 2021 and George Pickens for the last time the Bulldogs had a receiver with these types of measurables. If they utilize Prothro more as a tight end, he could be a player in the Brock Browers mold as a receiving threat. Based on those comparisons, Prothro can be an impactful part of Georgia's offense. -- Craig HaubertFelix Ojo, OT2026 ESPN 300 ranking: No. 20Committed to: Texas Tech Red RaidersBackground: The Red Raiders' monster offseason of recruiting/transfer portal additions continued on July 4th when Ojo, ESPN's No. 4 offensive tackle prospects, announced his pledge to Texas Tech.After naming Florida, Michigan, Ohio State and Texas as his finalists, Ojo came back around on coach Joey McGuire and the Red Raiders. The 6-foot-7, 285-pounder did take an official visit to Lubbock in April, and Ojo will mark Texas Tech's highest-ranked all-time signee if he signs with the program later this year. Of note, Ojo is also set to join the Red Raiders on a fully guaranteed three-year, $5.1 million dollar revenue contract, believed to be one of the largest guaranteed deals in college football history.Scout's take: Of the four offensive tackles ranked within the five-star range, Ojo is the least likely to be a plug-and-play candidate when he steps onto campus. He is ranked highly because he has excellent raw tools and arguably the highest ceiling for development.He has elite length, consistently measuring in at 6-foot-6 with over an 80-inch wingspan and has shown he can use that length to his advantage. He is also a big man that has tested well and shows good flexibility. However, he is lean -- at least 30 pounds lighter than the rest of the five-star tackles and needs to pack on more mass once he gets into the Red Raiders' strength program. He can bend but needs to develop his footwork and be more consistent with his pad level and add the size to help counter power rushers.Joey McGuire created a buzz when he signed in-state five-star receiver Micah Hudson in 2024, and, while that big signing has not met expectations, Hudson is back in the program and there is time and a wealth of ability to utilize. McGuire now has done it again by landing another five-star prospect from within the state in Ojo. While it might take time for Ojo's impact to be felt, it is still a statement win on the recruiting trail. On the field, Ojo won't face the same immediate expectations that Hudson arrived with and that is good for Ojo and his development.The Red Raiders have worked the transfer portal well and their tackle spots will likely be manned by transfers backed up by a deep pool of freshmen within that unit. A larger spotlight will shine of Ojo at Texas Tech, but the Red Raiders still look likely to be in a position to give him some time to grow before needing to push him into action. If he develops, Ojo has the tools to be an all-conference, NFL-caliber tackle and anchor on the offensive line. -- HaubertJett Washington, S2026 ESPN 300 ranking: No. 21Committed to: Oregon DucksBackground: ESPN's No. 1 safety in the 2026 class, Washington committed to the Ducks over Alabama and USC on June 19, landing as the top-ranked defender in the program's 2026 class.Washington is the nephew of the late Los Angeles Lakers legend Kobe Bryant and a two-sport star at Las Vegas powerhouse Bishop Gorman High School. He recorded 38 tackles and five interceptions during his junior season last fall before leading Bishop Gorman's basketball program to its second consecutive Nevada Class 5A state basketball title earlier this year.Jireh Edwards, S2026 ESPN 300 ranking: No. 23Committed to: Alabama Crimson TideBackground: A playmaking defensive back on one of the nation's top high school defenses, Edwards became the top-ranked member of the Crimson Tide's incoming class with his July 5 commitment to Alabama.After official visits to Auburn, Alabama and Georgia in June, Edwards canceled planned trips to Oregon and Texas A&M and narrowed his recruitment to the Tigers, Crimson Tide and Bulldogs. He joined Alabama as part of the program's late June/early July summer recruiting surge and now anchors an increasingly talented defensive class bound for the Crimson Tide in 2026.Scout's take: One of the more recent additions among the five-stars, Edwards has built a consistent resume to earn that ranking. He jumps out with elite size at 6-foot-2 and roughly 210 pounds and he accentuates those measurables with outstanding speed, having consistently posted 40 times at the 4.5 mark. With that, he has excellent range to quickly cover ground and uses his length to defend jump balls and also showcases good ball skills to make a play when opportunity is there. He also puts his size to use being a physical presence supporting the run. Edwards has excellent physical tools, but his rise was also spurred by demonstrating leadership qualities amongst his teammates when we have evaluated him, as well as a consistently focused competitive demeanor.Edwards brings excellent versatility to Alabama's defense. He can cover ground at safety, match up in coverage as well as come down and be a factor in the box. In a pinch he can line up at corner against bigger receivers, but he best projects at safety or at at Bama's Husky position -- a hybrid safety, linebacker position. -- Haubert</p>