---
title: "Woad goes close at Evian as Kim wins first major"
date: "2025-07-13T14:21:40.000Z"
slug: "woad-goes-close-at-evian-as-kim-wins-first-major"
source: "BBC Sport"
original_link: "https://www.bbc.com/sport/golf/articles/ce3n5pg0e32o"
description: "Lottie Woad goes close to becoming the first amateur to win a major in 58 years as Grace Lee wins the Evian Championship."
mode: "in_depth"
image: "https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/ace/branded_sport/1200/cpsprodpb/be2f/live/2476f190-5ff0-11f0-8894-9f2f0229c12f.jpg"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "bbc.com"
---
<div id="readability-page-1" class="page"><div data-component="text-block"><p><b>Evian Championshp, final round leaderboard</b></p><p>-14 G Kim (Aus)*, A Thitikul (Tha); -13 L Woad (Eng) M Lee (Aus); -12 A Yin (US), A Lee (US)</p><p><b>Selected:</b> -11 L Maguire (Ire); -9 C Gainer (Eng); Level G Dryburgh (Sco)</p><p><a href="https://www.bbc.com/sport/golf/ladies-major-championships/leaderboard">Full leaderboard</a></p><p>* denotes won after a play-off</p></div><div data-component="text-block"><p>England's Lottie Woad is turning her thoughts to winning the AIG Women's Open after narrowly missing out on becoming the first amateur to win a major in 58 years at the Evian Championship.</p><p>Australian Grace Kim eventually triumphed in France, holing a 12-foot eagle putt on the second extra playing of the 18th hole, to beat her good friend Atthaya Thitikul in a play-off to claim her first major title.</p><p>Kim also eagled the 18th to get into the play-off after Thitikul missed an eight-foot birdie putt that would have seen her win a maiden major.</p><p>Woad, who won last week's Irish Open, would also have been in the play-off had she not earlier raced a 10-foot birdie putt past the hole as she posted a sensational seven-under 64 to finish on 13 under par and set the clubhouse target.</p><p>She went to the driving range to hit some balls and keep herself loose but when Thailand's Thitikul birdied the 17th to get to 14 under, with just the par-five 18th to play, Woad smiled as she said to her caddie: "Is there even any point, she's not making six."</p><p>And 22-year-old Thitikul, the world number two who prefers to be known as Jeeno because "I think it's unique and easier than Atthaya", parred the last to finish one clear of Woad. </p><p>Her playing partner Kim then knocked in a two-foot putt for a three as she picked up four shots in her closing four holes to also reach 14 under.</p><p>The players both had birdies when they first replayed the 18th, Kim knocking in a 30-yard chip, before the Australian again got down in three shots to take the title when they played it again.</p><p>But for 21-year-old Woad, who had been bidding to become the first amateur to win a major since France's Catherine Lacoste claimed the US Women's Open title in 1967, a big decision looms on when she turns professional. </p><p>She picked up two points for finishing in the top 25 in a major and that takes her to 20 overall. That is the magic number on the LPGA's Elite Amateur Pathway which earns her a spot on the LPGA Tour should she want it though she can also defer.</p><p>"I'm going to discuss it with my family and coaches," she said on Sky Sports.</p><p>"It has always been in my dreams to play on the LPGA Tour and I'm grateful for the opportunities of the programme."</p><p>Woad, who is a member of the England Golf women's squad, will head to the AIG Women's Open at Royal Porthcawl in South Wales at the end of this month.</p><p>"I was trying to be in contention and winning this, so it will be the same there," she said.</p><p>Woad, who won last week's Irish Open by six shots, started the final round joint 19th and five shots off the overnight lead of compatriot Cara Gainer. But she made a fast start with three birdies in her opening four holes to set the platform for her charge through the field.</p><p>Gainer, who won her first Ladies European Tour event in February, had a closing birdie in a three-over 74 as she fell away.</p></div></div>