---
title: "‘Make it happen when it matters’ – Andy Farrell urges Lions to embrace pressure"
date: "2025-07-17T12:08:44.000Z"
slug: "'make-it-happen-when-it-matters'-andy-farrell-urges-lions-to-embrace-pressure"
source: "Sport | The Guardian"
original_link: "https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2025/jul/17/marcus-smith-defies-odds-to-claim-lions-spot-for-first-wallabies-test"
description: "Powerful Lions side named to face Australia in first Test  Tom Curry starts in back row, no Welsh player in 23  Andy Farrell has urged his British & Irish Lions players to embrace the pressure of their billing as heavy favourites to beat Australia in the series opener on Saturday. The Lions will go into Saturday’s match as odds-on favourites after Farrell named a powerful side featuring Tom Curry at openside flanker and Sione Tuipulotu at inside-centre to face a Wallabies team missing Will Skelton, Rob Valetini and Taniela Tupou.  Continue reading..."
mode: "summarize"
image: "https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/ad44baca2e9bb2235bf2f0741b5ab77abb643986/453_59_2915_2333/master/2915.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&precrop=40:21,offset-x50,offset-y0&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctZGVmYXVsdC5wbmc&enable=upscale&s=9b8c79418131b9534563c7d40a937e19"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "theguardian.com"
---
<div id="readability-page-1" class="page"><div id="maincontent"><p>Andy Farrell has urged his British &amp; Irish Lions players to embrace the pressure of their billing as heavy favourites to beat Australia in the series opener on Saturday.</p><p>The Lions will go into Saturday’s match as odds-on favourites after Farrell named a powerful side featuring Tom Curry at openside flanker and Sione Tuipulotu at inside-centre to face a Wallabies team missing Will Skelton, Rob Valetini and Taniela Tupou.</p><figure id="2c6cd542-b5d9-4e71-b629-7d38b940d37f" data-spacefinder-role="richLink" data-spacefinder-type="model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.RichLinkBlockElement"><gu-island name="RichLinkComponent" priority="feature" deferuntil="idle" props="{&quot;richLinkIndex&quot;:2,&quot;element&quot;:{&quot;_type&quot;:&quot;model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.RichLinkBlockElement&quot;,&quot;prefix&quot;:&quot;Related: &quot;,&quot;text&quot;:&quot;The Itoje legacy: Nigerian roots shaped the Lions captain who has inspired a new generation&quot;,&quot;elementId&quot;:&quot;2c6cd542-b5d9-4e71-b629-7d38b940d37f&quot;,&quot;role&quot;:&quot;richLink&quot;,&quot;url&quot;:&quot;https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2025/jul/16/maro-itoje-legacy-nigerian-roots-shaped-the-lions-captain-generation-wallabies-2025-tour-rugby-union&quot;},&quot;ajaxUrl&quot;:&quot;https://api.nextgen.guardianapps.co.uk&quot;,&quot;format&quot;:{&quot;design&quot;:0,&quot;display&quot;:0,&quot;theme&quot;:2}}"></gu-island></figure><p>The Lions have not won a series since the last time they faced Australia in 2013 – their only victory since 1997 – but in a demonstration of their confidence, a number of players including Ben Earl and Henry Pollock have targeted a 3-0 win this summer. Pollock has even talked about being “the best Lions team ever” – a claim that has gone down badly among a host of former Wallabies including Chris Latham.</p><p>Asked if he wants his players to walk towards the pressure that comes with such expectation, Farrell said: “One hundred percent. Why wouldn’t you? At the end of the day you’re just getting on with building your own belief, your own confidence as a team. And it goes both ways. Australia will be exactly the same.</p><p>“You’re walking around town and you can already feel it heating up and it will only ramp up tomorrow, so it’s making sure we do everyone proud here and at home with the type of performance that is one that’s going to walk forward to the challenge and be the best version of ourselves.</p><p>“There’s no overconfidence at all. It’s having an inner confidence within our group that we are going to go execute the plan when it matters. There’s a realisation of what it is and what it means and how privileged we are but that does not get in the way of how we prepare to make sure that we allow ourselves to be the best version of ourselves.</p><p>“If you’re in a position where it comes down to this every 12 years and you get to pull the shirt on for the Wallabies and the privilege that goes with that, representing your country, they’ll be fighting tooth and nail, won’t they.”</p><p>Farrell’s team selection was expected with Curry favoured for the No 7 jersey and Tuipulotu picked as part of an all Scotland 10-12-13 axis, the first time three players from the same country have occupied those positions since 1993. He has picked eight Ireland players to start – Josh van der Flier the most unlucky of his national charges to miss out – but with no Jac Morgan there are no Wales players in the side for the first time since the 19th century.</p><p>The players were presented with their caps by the Lions chair, Ieuan Evans, at a ceremony in Brisbane’s City Botanic Gardens on Thursday night, while the matchday 23 were presented with their jerseys by either family members or a fellow player along with a video message from back home. Farrell urged those selected to make the most of their opportunity.</p><p>“You make sure you don’t have regrets and you don’t get in your own way,” he added. “You don’t want to come off the pitch and think: ‘I wish I had another chance.’ You’ve got to make it happen when it matters.</p><p>“But again, all best laid plans as far as the plan itself or team selection. It’s when you get punched on the nose, that old saying, that you see how people react. But from what I’ve seen so far, their character is certainly a point of difference for this team.”</p><figure data-spacefinder-role="inline" data-spacefinder-type="model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.NewsletterSignupBlockElement"><a data-ignore="global-link-styling" href="#EmailSignup-skip-link-12">skip past newsletter promotion</a><p id="EmailSignup-skip-link-12" tabindex="0" aria-label="after newsletter promotion" role="note">after newsletter promotion</p></figure><p>Marcus Smith has been named on the bench as fly-half and full-back cover with both Blair Kinghorn and Mack Hansen missing out through injury and <a href="https://www.theguardian.com/sport/owen-farrell" data-link-name="in body link" data-component="auto-linked-tag">Owen Farrell</a> overlooked. Farrell Sr revealed neither Kinghorn nor Hansen is likely to be fit for Tuesday’s match against a First Nations &amp; Pasifika XV. He did, however, strongly suggest his son will feature in that match. “[Owen was] in contention and therefore a debate as regards should he or shouldn’t he [be selected], like the rest of them. We feel that Tuesday will be good for somebody like Owen.”</p><figure id="2a7f7a36-db93-436f-8644-2da7b7764ab5" data-spacefinder-role="inline" data-spacefinder-type="model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.GuideAtomBlockElement"><gu-island name="GuideAtomWrapper" priority="feature" deferuntil="visible" props="{&quot;id&quot;:&quot;1340cf75-4751-4db8-9ddc-722deb9e7e9a&quot;,&quot;title&quot;:&quot;Australia v British &amp; Irish Lions: first Test teams&quot;,&quot;html&quot;:&quot;<p><b>Suncorp Stadium, Brisbane, 8pm AEST/11am BST, Saturday 17 July</b></p><p></p><p><b>Australia&amp;nbsp;</b>Tom Wright; Max Jorgensen, Joseph-Aukuso Suaalii, Len Ikitau, Harry Potter; Tom Lynagh, Jake Gordon; James Slipper,&amp;nbsp;Matt Faessler,&amp;nbsp;Allan Ala'alatoa, Nick Frost,&amp;nbsp;Jeremy Williams,&amp;nbsp;Nick Champion de Crespigny,&amp;nbsp;Fraser McReight,&amp;nbsp;Harry Wilson (capt).&amp;nbsp;<b>Replacements:</b> Billy Pollard, Angus Bell, Tom Robertson, Tom Hooper, Carlo Tizzano, Tate McDermott, Ben Donaldson, Andrew Kellaway.<br><br><b>British and Irish Lions&amp;nbsp;</b>Hugo Keenan (Ire); Tommy Freeman (Eng), Huw Jones (Sco), Sione Tuipulotu (Sco), James Lowe (Ire); Finn Russell (Sco), Jamison Gibson-Park (Ire); Ellis Genge (Eng),&amp;nbsp;Dan Sheehan (Ire),&amp;nbsp;Tadhg Furlong (Ire), Maro Itoje (Eng, captain), Joe McCarthy (Ire), Tadhg Beirne (Ire), Tom Curry (Eng), Jack Conan (Ire).&amp;nbsp;<b>Replacements</b> Ronan Kelleher (Ire), Andrew Porter (Ire), Will Stuart (Eng), Ollie Chessum (Eng), Ben Earl (Eng), Alex Mitchell (Eng), Marcus Smith (Eng), Bundee Aki (Ire).</p><p></p>&quot;,&quot;credit&quot;:&quot;&quot;}"><div data-atom-id="1340cf75-4751-4db8-9ddc-722deb9e7e9a" data-atom-type="guide"><details data-atom-id="1340cf75-4751-4db8-9ddc-722deb9e7e9a" data-snippet-type="guide"><summary><span>Quick Guide</span><h4>Australia v British &amp; Irish Lions: first Test teams</h4><span><span><span></span>Show</span></span></summary><div><p><b>Suncorp Stadium, Brisbane, 8pm AEST/11am BST, Saturday 17 July</b></p><div><p><b>Australia&nbsp;</b>Tom Wright; Max Jorgensen, Joseph-Aukuso Suaalii, Len Ikitau, Harry Potter; Tom Lynagh, Jake Gordon; James Slipper,&nbsp;Matt Faessler,&nbsp;Allan Ala'alatoa, Nick Frost,&nbsp;Jeremy Williams,&nbsp;Nick Champion de Crespigny,&nbsp;Fraser McReight,&nbsp;Harry Wilson (capt).&nbsp;<b>Replacements:</b> Billy Pollard, Angus Bell, Tom Robertson, Tom Hooper, Carlo Tizzano, Tate McDermott, Ben Donaldson, Andrew Kellaway.</p><p><b>British and Irish Lions&nbsp;</b>Hugo Keenan (Ire); Tommy Freeman (Eng), Huw Jones (Sco), Sione Tuipulotu (Sco), James Lowe (Ire); Finn Russell (Sco), Jamison Gibson-Park (Ire); Ellis Genge (Eng),&nbsp;Dan Sheehan (Ire),&nbsp;Tadhg Furlong (Ire), Maro Itoje (Eng, captain), Joe McCarthy (Ire), Tadhg Beirne (Ire), Tom Curry (Eng), Jack Conan (Ire).&nbsp;<b>Replacements</b> Ronan Kelleher (Ire), Andrew Porter (Ire), Will Stuart (Eng), Ollie Chessum (Eng), Ben Earl (Eng), Alex Mitchell (Eng), Marcus Smith (Eng), Bundee Aki (Ire).</p></div></div></details></div></gu-island></figure><p>Joining Smith on the bench are Andrew Porter, Ronan Kelleher, Will Stuart, Ollie Chessum, Ben Earl, Alex Mitchell and Bundee Aki. There are eight Ireland starters and none from Wales, England provide four and Scotland three. On the bench there are three from Ireland and five from England.</p><p>“We are entering the business end of the tour and it is time to put in our best performance to date,” said Farrell. “We know how motivated the Wallabies will be and we know they are a well-organised and dangerous side.</p><p>“It is a great occasion and a proud moment for Maro Itoje, who will captain the Test side, but also for those players who get the opportunity to represent the group on Saturday night.”</p></div></div>