---
title: "'Needle between England and India sets up Lord's classic'"
date: "2025-07-13T19:30:46.000Z"
slug: "'needle-between-england-and-india-sets-up-lord's-classic'"
source: "BBC Sport"
original_link: "https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/czjkwxed92po"
description: "Increasing tension between England and India players sets up a thrilling final day of the third Test at Lord's, writes Stephan Shemilt."
mode: "in_depth"
image: "https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/ace/branded_sport/1200/cpsprodpb/268f/live/362c9730-601f-11f0-a40e-a1af2950b220.jpg"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "bbc.com"
---
<div id="readability-page-1" class="page"><article id="urn-bbc-ares--article-czjkwxed92po"><header data-component="headline-block"></header><div data-component="media-block"><figure><figcaption><span>Media caption, </span><p>England keep hopes alive on thrilling fourth day</p></figcaption></figure></div><div data-component="byline-block"><p>Chief Cricket Reporter at Lord's</p></div><div data-component="text-block"><p><b>Personal issues draw money.</b></p><p>Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier, Sir Alex Ferguson's Manchester United and Arsene Wenger's Arsenal, Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton.</p><p>The tension between England and India has not quite tipped over into bad blood -  yet - but there is no doubt the needle between the two teams has sparked a Lord's classic.</p><p>Handbags on the third evening fuelled a pulsating fourth day. Much of the third Test had meandered and drifted, only for a super Sunday to set up a potentially manic Monday.</p><p>England need six wickets, India require 135 runs. The prize is a 2-1 lead with two Tests to play.</p><p>This venue - part cricket ground, part museum - can be as raucous as any. Ask Australia wicketkeeper Alex Carey. All 30,000 tickets are sold out for what will probably only be a few hours of action.</p><p>"Having that competitive edge definitely helps the situation," said England assistant coach Marcus Trescothick. "It helps the atmosphere and the presence of the series.</p><p>"Cricket has got a bit more friendly over the past few years because the players are together in franchise tournaments all over the world.</p><p>"Sometimes it's good to create something in the game."</p></div><div data-component="media-block"><figure><figcaption><span>Media caption, </span><p>Crawley and Duckett exchange words with India in frantic final over on day three</p></figcaption></figure></div><div data-component="text-block"><p>As Sunday afternoon ticked into a balmy evening, England had little to cling on to.</p><p>The home side were bowled out - most of them literally - by the brilliance of the Indians, who used the assistance of the awakened pitch to devastating effect. The tourists moved to 41-1 in pursuit of their target of 193.</p><p>Brydon Carse bowled better than his first-innings figures of 1-88 suggested. As stumps on the fourth day drew near, he finally got his rewards.</p><p>In a chaotic last half hour, Carse charged down the Lord's slope like a thoroughbred that had unseated its rider. Karun Nair was befuddled into kicking one off his stumps, captain Shubman Gill also pinned after overturning being given caught behind.</p><p>Chris Woakes demanded more from the home fans, Joe Root conducted the orchestra from first slip. India were outraged when Zak Crawley tried to waste time on Saturday, yet that did not stop nightwatchman Akash Deep doing the same on Sunday. No matter, his off stump was removed by Ben Stokes. Pandemonium.</p><p>"The last hour of viewing, our guys running in really well, there was an edge out there and it creates a great spectacle," said former England opener Trescothick.</p><p>"We were fairly relaxed in the dressing room, controlling the emotions of what's going on. We all enjoy every wicket but we are still very controlled in what we are trying to do."</p><p>How much control exists on Monday morning remains to be seen. Woakes dropped KL Rahul on five and the unflappable opener is unbeaten on 33.</p><p>Rishabh Pant, apparently fit enough to bat but not keep wicket, is due in next. His chaos theory could win this in the blink of an eye.</p><p>"Rahul holds the key for the stability of India's side," former England captain Sir Alastair Cook told Test Match Special. "While he is there the dressing room will feel relaxed.</p><p>"It is about who handles pressure better. It should be England, considering they are the home side and slightly more experienced. If Pant gets going, then none of these things matter. If he doesn't then the pressure on India is turned up even more."</p></div><div data-component="media-block"><figure><figcaption><span>Media caption, </span><p>'Amazing!' - Stokes bowls Deep</p></figcaption></figure></div><div data-component="text-block"><p>England have their own clutch champion in captain Stokes, a man with almost unmatched pedigree when the stakes are highest, especially on this ground.</p><p>He has been outstanding in this match. Contributions of 44 and 33 with the bat, a vital direct-hit run out of Pant in the first innings.</p><p>The skipper has been England's most consistently threatening bowler, touching 90mph. On Saturday evening, when Stokes was bent double with exhaustion and his shirt translucent with sweat, head coach Brendon McCullum had to send orders to tell Stokes to stop bowling, in order to protect his fragile body.</p><p>Even McCullum might not wrestle the ball out of Stokes' hand on the final morning.</p><p>"Ben holds a massive key because he has been England's best bowler all summer," said ex-England skipper Michael Vaughan. "The Stokes-Carse combination that bowled in the last half an hour should be the one to start day five.</p><p>"There is so much at stake. If England are 2-1 down with two to play, and an Ashes series to come, the wheels start to get loose. I am not saying they will fall off, but preparing for an Ashes series you want to be winning your series at home. There is so much to play for."</p><p>For India, there is a slice of Lord's history at stake.</p><p>On this ground, only one team has conceded more than 387 fielding in the first innings of the match, then gone on to win.</p><p>If India pull off a repeat, they will match Australia's achievement from 95 years ago, when Donald Bradman was wearing baggy green.</p><p>That they have such a golden opportunity is partly down to off-spinner Washington Sundar, who claimed 4-22 in England's second innings.</p><p>"The position we're in we'd have differently taken," he said. "India will win, probably just after lunch."</p><p>Sundar's Sunday. Whose Monday?</p></div><div data-component="media-block"><figure><figcaption><span>Media caption, </span><p>‘It’s going to be amazing when we win’ - Sundar confident for tomorrow’s test</p></figcaption></figure></div></article></div>