---
title: "Rangers' Eovaldi scratched from start, Phillies' Bohm to IL"
date: "2025-07-20T15:57:06.000Z"
slug: "rangers'-eovaldi-scratched-from-start-phillies'-bohm-to-il"
source: "www.espn.com - TOP"
original_link: "https://www.espn.com/fantasy/baseball/story/_/id/44288339/espn-fantasy-baseball-buzz-injuries-promotions-demotions-trades-prospects-lineup-changes-mlb-news-analysis"
description: "All of the important fantasy spin and actionable takeaways resulting from the latest baseball news."
mode: "summarize"
image: "https://a2.espncdn.com/combiner/i?img=%2Fphoto%2F2025%2F0720%2Fr1521307_1296x729_16%2D9.jpg"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "espn.com"
---
Nathan Eovaldi was scratched from his scheduled start Sunday because of a tight back. Joe Nicholson/Imagn ImagesESPN FantasyJul 20, 2025, 10:48 AM ETEverything that happens in and around MLB has some additional context when viewed from a fantasy baseball perspective. From lineup changes to minor league call-ups to injuries and so much more, the news cycle will constantly affect player values in fantasy baseball.Our fantasy baseball buzz file, with contributions from our ESPN fantasy writers, aims to provide fantasy managers with the intel they need as news breaks around MLB.Key links:  RP depth chart | Player Rater | Scoring leaders 
Sunday's lineup advice | 10-day hitting forecasterJuly 20: What you need to know for SundayTodd Zola: Sunday's first pitch is scheduled for 12:05 p.m. ET with the Toronto Blue Jays hosting the San Francisco Giants, to be quickly followed by the Baltimore Orioles visiting the Tampa Bay Rays. The slate wraps up with the Texas Rangers entertaining the Detroit Tigers at 7:10 p.m. ET in the ESPN Sunday night affair.Nathan Eovaldi was initially scheduled to take the hill in Arlington, but he experienced tightness in his back Saturday and was scratched. Jacob Latz will fill in for the Rangers, with Tarik Skubal getting the nod for the Tigers.Just one day after being activated from the IL after recovering from an oblique issue, Brandon Lowe left Saturday's game with plantar fasciitis in his left foot. With the Orioles starting lefty Trevor Rogers, Lowe was ticketed for the bench to start the game regardless. His availability to come in and face a right-hander is unclear.Isaac Paredes had to leave Saturday's game early after hurting his right hamstring while running to first base following a single to left field. The severity should be clarified by imaging, with his status today in jeopardy.The Arizona Diamondbacks anticipate that Ketel Marte will come off the restricted list in advance of Sunday's home tilt with the St. Louis Cardinals. The club took the first two games of the three-game set while Marte was home attending to personal matters.The Philadelphia Phillies placed Alec Bohm in the 10-day IL with a fractured rib. He was hit by a pitch last weekend and was in the lineup Friday, but after experiencing discomfort, Bohm underwent imaging which revealed the fracture. His timetable is unclear, with Otto Kemp the likely substitute at the hot corner.Steven Kwan missed his second straight game Saturday due to a lingering wrist issue. He injured it last weekend and was able to play in the Midseason Classic, but he was unable to take the field as the Guardians split the first two games of a weekend series with the Athletics.July 19: What you need to know for SaturdayZola: Action gets underway at 3:07 p.m. ET with the San Francisco Giants visiting the Toronto Blue Jays in an interleague affair.Ketel Marte has been placed on the restricted list so he can continue to handle personal matters after his house was robbed during the All-Star break. Blaze Alexander will fill in at second base. In other Arizona Diamondbacks news, Adrian Del Castillo was called up from Triple-A Reno to help cover Pavin Smith being sent to the 10-day IL for a strained oblique. Del Castillo will see most of his action at DH, but he could also slot in behind the plate.The Baltimore Orioles shut down Grayson Rodriguez after he experienced elbow discomfort during rehab. He won't pitch for at least a week. Rodriguez was initially sidelined with a sore elbow, but he then injured his lat, delaying his return. The club hopes Rodriguez can return later in the second half to accrue some innings so his workload will be less restricted next season, but there is no timetable for his 2025 debut.The New York Yankees announced that LHP Max Fried will not start this weekend because of blister issues. The club is hopeful that Fried can return when the Yankees visit the Rogers Centre for a three-game set with the Blue Jays to open next week. In other pitching news, Cam Schlittler was initially ticketed to start Friday night, but he's nursing a sore upper arm. New York anticipates that he'll be able to take the hill in the critical set against Toronto.Steven Kwan was on the bench Friday night when the Cleveland Guardians resumed play after the break. Kwan has been dealing with a right wrist issue, receiving an injection Wednesday. He's considered day-to-day for Saturday night's home date with the Athletics.