---
title: "Marcus Smith defies odds to claim Lions spot for first Wallabies Test"
date: "2025-07-17T06:00:32.000Z"
slug: "marcus-smith-defies-odds-to-claim-lions-spot-for-first-wallabies-test"
source: "Sport | The Guardian"
original_link: "https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2025/jul/17/marcus-smith-defies-odds-to-claim-lions-spot-for-first-wallabies-test"
description: "Andy Farrell opts for Smith’s versatility over son Owen  Tom Curry to start in back row with Beirne and Conan  Marcus Smith has been named on the bench for the British & Irish Lions’ first Test against Australia, while Tom Curry and Sione Tuipulotu have been selected to start in Brisbane on Saturday. Smith has defied the odds to claim a place in the matchday 23, benefiting from injuries to Blair Kinghorn and Mack Hansen and being preferred to Owen Farrell among the replacements.  Continue reading..."
mode: "summarize"
image: "https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/62adcf813ac65b9adf6c572dc6c854cbcaaad75a/193_0_3576_2861/master/3576.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&precrop=40:21,offset-x50,offset-y0&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctZGVmYXVsdC5wbmc&enable=upscale&s=fe3d2391ab8214a63e19cbaca8d7eda3"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "theguardian.com"
---
<div id="readability-page-1" class="page"><div id="maincontent"><p>Marcus Smith has been named on the bench for the British &amp; Irish Lions’ first Test against Australia, while Tom Curry and Sione Tuipulotu have been selected to start in Brisbane on Saturday.</p><p>Smith has defied the odds to claim a place in the matchday 23, benefiting from injuries to Blair Kinghorn and Mack Hansen and being <a href="https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2025/jul/16/owen-farrell-expected-to-be-left-out-of-lions-squad-for-first-wallabies-test" data-link-name="in body link">preferred to Owen Farrell</a> among the replacements.</p><p>His selection comes after a rollercoaster season in which he was England’s most creative spark from fly-half during the autumn campaign before losing his place to Fin Smith, moving to full-back before finding himself on the bench. He has never looked entirely comfortable at full-back but his versatility earned him a place in the initial Lions squad and he has appeared in five of their six matches.</p><figure id="5aec2622-eb40-4b73-9e1d-2331c80c59bc" data-spacefinder-role="richLink" data-spacefinder-type="model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.RichLinkBlockElement"><gu-island name="RichLinkComponent" priority="feature" deferuntil="idle" props="{&quot;richLinkIndex&quot;:3,&quot;element&quot;:{&quot;_type&quot;:&quot;model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.RichLinkBlockElement&quot;,&quot;prefix&quot;:&quot;Related: &quot;,&quot;text&quot;:&quot;The Itoje legacy: Nigerian roots shaped the Lions captain who has inspired a new generation&quot;,&quot;elementId&quot;:&quot;5aec2622-eb40-4b73-9e1d-2331c80c59bc&quot;,&quot;role&quot;:&quot;richLink&quot;,&quot;url&quot;:&quot;https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2025/jul/16/maro-itoje-legacy-nigerian-roots-shaped-the-lions-captain-generation-wallabies-2025-tour-rugby-union&quot;},&quot;ajaxUrl&quot;:&quot;https://api.nextgen.guardianapps.co.uk&quot;,&quot;format&quot;:{&quot;design&quot;:0,&quot;display&quot;:0,&quot;theme&quot;:2}}"></gu-island></figure><p>Curry, meanwhile, has been given the nod at openside flanker, joining Tadhg Beirne and Jack Conan in a back row that featured in the Test series against South Africa four years ago. All three have not found their best form to date in Australia but <a href="https://www.theguardian.com/sport/andy-farrell" data-link-name="in body link" data-component="auto-linked-tag">Andy Farrell</a>, the head coach, is backing their experience against the Wallabies. Farrell’s decision to leave out Jac Morgan means the Lions run out without any Welsh representation in a Test side for the first time since the 19th century.</p><p>Tuipulotu forms an all-Scotland midfield partnership, with Huw Jones handed the No 13 jersey. Farrell has selected eight Ireland internationals in his XV, with Dan Sheehan and Tadhg Furlong in the front row, Joe McCarthy at lock, Jamison Gibson-Park at scrum-half, James Lowe on the left-wing and Hugo Keenan at full-back. Elsewhere, Ellis Genge starts at loosehead prop, Finn Russell is at fly-half and Tommy Freeman is selected on the right wing, while Maro Itoje captains the side and wins his 100th Test cap.</p><figure id="721ca44e-2ac1-46bb-b7e0-9ff6c12a875d" data-spacefinder-role="inline" data-spacefinder-type="model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.GuideAtomBlockElement"><gu-island name="GuideAtomWrapper" priority="feature" deferuntil="visible" props="{&quot;id&quot;:&quot;1340cf75-4751-4db8-9ddc-722deb9e7e9a&quot;,&quot;title&quot;:&quot;Australia v British &amp; Irish Lions: first Test teams&quot;,&quot;html&quot;:&quot;<p><b>Suncorp Stadium, Brisbane, 8pm AEST/11am BST, Saturday 17 July</b></p><p></p><p><b>Australia&amp;nbsp;</b>Tom Wright; Max Jorgensen, Joseph-Aukuso Suaalii, Len Ikitau, Harry Potter; Tom Lynagh, Jake Gordon; James Slipper,&amp;nbsp;Matt Faessler,&amp;nbsp;Allan Ala'alatoa, Nick Frost,&amp;nbsp;Jeremy Williams,&amp;nbsp;Nick Champion de Crespigny,&amp;nbsp;Fraser McReight,&amp;nbsp;Harry Wilson (capt).&amp;nbsp;<b>Replacements:</b> Billy Pollard, Angus Bell, Tom Robertson, Tom Hooper, Carlo Tizzano, Tate McDermott, Ben Donaldson, Andrew Kellaway.<br><br><b>British and Irish Lions&amp;nbsp;</b>Hugo Keenan (Ire); Tommy Freeman (Eng), Huw Jones (Sco), Sione Tuipulotu (Sco), James Lowe (Ire); Finn Russell (Sco), Jamison Gibson-Park (Ire); Ellis Genge (Eng),&amp;nbsp;Dan Sheehan (Ire),&amp;nbsp;Tadhg Furlong (Ire), Maro Itoje (Eng, captain), Joe McCarthy (Ire), Tadhg Beirne (Ire), Tom Curry (Eng), Jack Conan (Ire).&amp;nbsp;<b>Replacements</b> Ronan Kelleher (Ire), Andrew Porter (Ire), Will Stuart (Eng), Ollie Chessum (Eng), Ben Earl (Eng), Alex Mitchell (Eng), Marcus Smith (Eng), Bundee Aki (Ire).</p><p></p>&quot;,&quot;credit&quot;:&quot;&quot;}"><div data-atom-id="1340cf75-4751-4db8-9ddc-722deb9e7e9a" data-atom-type="guide"><details data-atom-id="1340cf75-4751-4db8-9ddc-722deb9e7e9a" data-snippet-type="guide"><summary><span>Quick Guide</span><h4>Australia v British &amp; Irish Lions: first Test teams</h4><span><span><span></span>Show</span></span></summary><div><p><b>Suncorp Stadium, Brisbane, 8pm AEST/11am BST, Saturday 17 July</b></p><div><p><b>Australia&nbsp;</b>Tom Wright; Max Jorgensen, Joseph-Aukuso Suaalii, Len Ikitau, Harry Potter; Tom Lynagh, Jake Gordon; James Slipper,&nbsp;Matt Faessler,&nbsp;Allan Ala'alatoa, Nick Frost,&nbsp;Jeremy Williams,&nbsp;Nick Champion de Crespigny,&nbsp;Fraser McReight,&nbsp;Harry Wilson (capt).&nbsp;<b>Replacements:</b> Billy Pollard, Angus Bell, Tom Robertson, Tom Hooper, Carlo Tizzano, Tate McDermott, Ben Donaldson, Andrew Kellaway.</p><p><b>British and Irish Lions&nbsp;</b>Hugo Keenan (Ire); Tommy Freeman (Eng), Huw Jones (Sco), Sione Tuipulotu (Sco), James Lowe (Ire); Finn Russell (Sco), Jamison Gibson-Park (Ire); Ellis Genge (Eng),&nbsp;Dan Sheehan (Ire),&nbsp;Tadhg Furlong (Ire), Maro Itoje (Eng, captain), Joe McCarthy (Ire), Tadhg Beirne (Ire), Tom Curry (Eng), Jack Conan (Ire).&nbsp;<b>Replacements</b> Ronan Kelleher (Ire), Andrew Porter (Ire), Will Stuart (Eng), Ollie Chessum (Eng), Ben Earl (Eng), Alex Mitchell (Eng), Marcus Smith (Eng), Bundee Aki (Ire).</p></div></div></details></div></gu-island></figure><p>Joining Smith on the bench are Andrew Porter, Ronan Kelleher, Will Stuart, Ollie Chessum, Ben Earl, Alex Mitchell and Bundee Aki. While there are eight Ireland starters and none from Wales, England provide four and Scotland three. On the bench there are three from Ireland and five Englishmen.</p><p>“We are entering the business end of the tour and it is time to put in our best performance to date,” said Farrell. “We know how motivated the Wallabies will be and we know they are a well-organised and dangerous side.</p><figure data-spacefinder-role="inline" data-spacefinder-type="model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.NewsletterSignupBlockElement"><a data-ignore="global-link-styling" href="#EmailSignup-skip-link-9">skip past newsletter promotion</a><p id="EmailSignup-skip-link-9" tabindex="0" aria-label="after newsletter promotion" role="note">after newsletter promotion</p></figure><p>“It is a great occasion and a proud moment for Maro Itoje, who will captain the Test side, but also for those players who get the opportunity to represent the group on Saturday night.”</p></div></div>