---
title: "England v India: first women’s cricket ODI – live"
date: "2025-07-16T11:22:28.000Z"
slug: "england-v-india:-first-women's-cricket-odi-live"
source: "Sport | The Guardian"
original_link: "https://www.theguardian.com/sport/live/2025/jul/16/england-v-india-first-womens-cricket-odi-live"
description: "Updates from the series opener in Southampton  Read today’s edition of The Spin | And mail Rob  The road to the World Cup starts here*. In 76 days’ time, India will begin the competition – their competition – against the co-hosts Sri Lanka in Bengaluru. England meet South Africa on the same ground three days later. Both teams should enter the World Cup in a battle-hardened state. England have this three-match series against India, then warm-ups against India and Australia just before the competition starts. India’s preparation is even tougher: ODI series against England and Australia, who between them have won 11 of the 12 World Cups, followed by warm-ups against England and the reigning T20 champions, New Zealand. v Australia and India W2 L7 (win percentage: 22) v the rest W22 L3 (win percentage: 88) Toss 12.30pm First ball 1pm  Continue reading..."
mode: "summarize"
image: "https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/6550ec392d0ec374469308bdc0091fdcdd1dc956/467_101_2564_2051/master/2564.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctbGl2ZS5wbmc&enable=upscale&s=3eb05801d4bb27294a51560699ee8555"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "theguardian.com"
---
<div id="readability-page-1" class="page"><div id="liveblog-body"><p><span><gu-island name="KeyEventsCarousel" priority="feature" deferuntil="visible" props="{&quot;keyEvents&quot;:[{&quot;id&quot;:&quot;68778de18f088603e1f6187a&quot;,&quot;elements&quot;:[{&quot;_type&quot;:&quot;model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.TextBlockElement&quot;,&quot;html&quot;:&quot;<p>Nat Sciver-Brunt, back from injury, says it’s a good surface and “we know there are usually a lot of runs scored on this pitch”. Harmanpreet Kaur says India would have batted as well.</p>&quot;,&quot;elementId&quot;:&quot;80e44a42-1758-4ef1-a59c-128f7d2f145a&quot;}],&quot;attributes&quot;:{&quot;pinned&quot;:false,&quot;keyEvent&quot;:true,&quot;summary&quot;:false},&quot;blockCreatedOn&quot;:1752665569000,&quot;blockCreatedOnDisplay&quot;:&quot;12.32&nbsp;BST&quot;,&quot;blockLastUpdated&quot;:1752665668000,&quot;blockLastUpdatedDisplay&quot;:&quot;12.34&nbsp;BST&quot;,&quot;blockFirstPublished&quot;:1752665625000,&quot;blockFirstPublishedDisplay&quot;:&quot;12.33&nbsp;BST&quot;,&quot;blockFirstPublishedDisplayNoTimezone&quot;:&quot;12.33&quot;,&quot;title&quot;:&quot;England win the toss and bat&quot;,&quot;contributors&quot;:[],&quot;primaryDateLine&quot;:&quot;Wed 16 Jul 2025 12.34 BST&quot;,&quot;secondaryDateLine&quot;:&quot;First published on Wed 16 Jul 2025 12.00 BST&quot;},{&quot;id&quot;:&quot;68763aa58f0860b26c41b588&quot;,&quot;elements&quot;:[{&quot;_type&quot;:&quot;model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.TextBlockElement&quot;,&quot;html&quot;:&quot;<p>The road to the World Cup starts here*. In 76 days’ time, India will begin the competition – <em>their</em> competition – against the co-hosts Sri Lanka in Bengaluru. England meet South Africa on the same ground three days later.</p>&quot;,&quot;elementId&quot;:&quot;59495a75-f8a4-4b9f-be01-67212886ab73&quot;},{&quot;_type&quot;:&quot;model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.TextBlockElement&quot;,&quot;html&quot;:&quot;<p>Both teams should enter the World Cup in a battle-hardened state. England have this three-match series against India, then warm-ups against India and Australia just before the competition starts. India’s preparation is even tougher: ODI series against England and Australia, who between them have won 11 of the 12 World Cups, followed by warm-ups against England and the reigning T20 champions, New Zealand.</p>&quot;,&quot;elementId&quot;:&quot;31c9a7ce-e4dd-44e4-83c0-81fcf77a9390&quot;},{&quot;_type&quot;:&quot;model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.TextBlockElement&quot;,&quot;html&quot;:&quot;<p>These warm-up series are usually about performances, workloads, T-crossing and I-dotting as much as results. But on this occasion England could do with a series in to boost their fragile confidence going into the World Cup. They were beaten 3-2 by India in the T20 series, a scoreline that probably flattered them. And while England’s overall record since the last 50-over World Cup is terrific, it looks different when you put on the reading glasses and start squinting.</p>&quot;,&quot;elementId&quot;:&quot;c5afe9fb-e75a-4774-8b68-1ba8a8706ea1&quot;},{&quot;_type&quot;:&quot;model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.TextBlockElement&quot;,&quot;html&quot;:&quot;<ul>\n <li>\n  <p><strong>v Australia and India</strong> W2 L7 (win percentage: 22)</p></li>\n <li>\n  <p><strong>v the rest</strong> W22 L3 (win percentage: 88)</p></li>\n</ul>&quot;,&quot;elementId&quot;:&quot;172d6985-255f-41ea-be19-08d939cb6d81&quot;},{&quot;_type&quot;:&quot;model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.TextBlockElement&quot;,&quot;html&quot;:&quot;<p>This is a quickfire series, with three games in seven days at Southampton, Lord’s and Chester-le-Street. By next Wednesday, we should have a better idea of both teams’ chances of winning the games that really matter.</p>&quot;,&quot;elementId&quot;:&quot;db0ff4a5-966d-4a87-b989-4c852d4bc0be&quot;},{&quot;_type&quot;:&quot;model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.TextBlockElement&quot;,&quot;html&quot;:&quot;<ul>\n <li>\n  <p><strong>Toss </strong>12.30pm</p></li>\n <li>\n  <p><strong>First ball </strong>1pm</p></li>\n</ul>&quot;,&quot;elementId&quot;:&quot;8b3c0a98-e040-4d52-b366-a75732d28fa7&quot;},{&quot;_type&quot;:&quot;model.dotcomrendering.pageElements.TextBlockElement&quot;,&quot;html&quot;:&quot;<p><em>* Okay, okay, strictly speaking it </em>continues<em> here, having started as soon as the last one ended, but what kind of sales pitch is that?</em></p>&quot;,&quot;elementId&quot;:&quot;476043a4-beba-4212-969b-a6db7f77735e&quot;}],&quot;attributes&quot;:{&quot;pinned&quot;:false,&quot;keyEvent&quot;:true,&quot;summary&quot;:false},&quot;blockCreatedOn&quot;:1752663600000,&quot;blockCreatedOnDisplay&quot;:&quot;12.00&nbsp;BST&quot;,&quot;blockLastUpdated&quot;:1752664948000,&quot;blockLastUpdatedDisplay&quot;:&quot;12.22&nbsp;BST&quot;,&quot;blockFirstPublished&quot;:1752663600000,&quot;blockFirstPublishedDisplay&quot;:&quot;12.00&nbsp;BST&quot;,&quot;blockFirstPublishedDisplayNoTimezone&quot;:&quot;12.00&quot;,&quot;title&quot;:&quot;Preamble&quot;,&quot;contributors&quot;:[],&quot;primaryDateLine&quot;:&quot;Wed 16 Jul 2025 12.34 BST&quot;,&quot;secondaryDateLine&quot;:&quot;First published on Wed 16 Jul 2025 12.00 BST&quot;}],&quot;filterKeyEvents&quot;:false,&quot;id&quot;:&quot;key-events-carousel-mobile&quot;,&quot;absoluteServerTimes&quot;:false,&quot;renderingTarget&quot;:&quot;Web&quot;}"><span id="key-events-carousel-mobile"></span><span><p>Key events</p></span><div id="key-events-carousel"><ul><li><a href="https://www.theguardian.com/sport/live/2025/jul/16/england-v-india-first-womens-cricket-odi-live?filterKeyEvents=false&amp;page=with%3Ablock-68778de18f088603e1f6187a#block-68778de18f088603e1f6187a" data-link-name="key event card | 0 of 2"><p><time datetime="2025-07-16T11:33:45.000Z" data-locale="en-gb" title="Wednesday, 16 July 2025 at 12:33 British Summer Time">2m ago</time></p><p>England win the toss and bat</p></a></li><li><a href="https://www.theguardian.com/sport/live/2025/jul/16/england-v-india-first-womens-cricket-odi-live?filterKeyEvents=false&amp;page=with%3Ablock-68763aa58f0860b26c41b588#block-68763aa58f0860b26c41b588" data-link-name="key event card | 1 of 2"><p><time datetime="2025-07-16T11:00:00.000Z" data-locale="en-gb" title="Wednesday, 16 July 2025 at 12:00 British Summer Time">36m ago</time></p><p>Preamble</p></a></li></ul></div></gu-island><gu-island name="FilterKeyEventsToggle" priority="feature" deferuntil="visible" props="{&quot;filterKeyEvents&quot;:false,&quot;id&quot;:&quot;filter-toggle-mobile&quot;}"><span id="filter-toggle-mobile"></span><p><label id="src-component-1791_description" data-component="filter-key-events" data-link-name="filter-key-events-on">Show key events only<p><span>Please turn on JavaScript to use this feature</span></p></label></p></gu-island></span></p><article id="block-68778de18f088603e1f6187a"><header><h2>England win the toss and bat</h2></header><p>Nat Sciver-Brunt, back from injury, says it’s a good surface and “we know there are usually a lot of runs scored on this pitch”. Harmanpreet Kaur says India would have batted as well.</p></article><article id="block-68763aa58f0860b26c41b588"><header><h2>Preamble</h2></header><p>The road to the World Cup starts here*. In 76 days’ time, India will begin the competition – <em>their</em> competition – against the co-hosts Sri Lanka in Bengaluru. England meet South Africa on the same ground three days later.</p><p>Both teams should enter the World Cup in a battle-hardened state. England have this three-match series against India, then warm-ups against India and Australia just before the competition starts. India’s preparation is even tougher: ODI series against England and Australia, who between them have won 11 of the 12 World Cups, followed by warm-ups against England and the reigning T20 champions, New Zealand.</p><p>These warm-up series are usually about performances, workloads, T-crossing and I-dotting as much as results. But on this occasion England could do with a series in to boost their fragile confidence going into the World Cup. They were beaten 3-2 by India in the T20 series, a scoreline that probably flattered them. And while England’s overall record since the last 50-over World Cup is terrific, it looks different when you put on the reading glasses and start squinting.</p><ul>
 <li>
  <p><strong>v Australia and India</strong> W2 L7 (win percentage: 22)</p></li>
 <li>
  <p><strong>v the rest</strong> W22 L3 (win percentage: 88)</p></li>
</ul><p>This is a quickfire series, with three games in seven days at Southampton, Lord’s and Chester-le-Street. By next Wednesday, we should have a better idea of both teams’ chances of winning the games that really matter.</p><ul>
 <li>
  <p><strong>Toss </strong>12.30pm</p></li>
 <li>
  <p><strong>First ball </strong>1pm</p></li>
</ul><p><em>* Okay, okay, strictly speaking it </em>continues<em> here, having started as soon as the last one ended, but what kind of sales pitch is that?</em></p></article></div></div>