---
title: "Is Open all over or do chasing pack have chance?"
date: "2025-07-19T20:46:07.000Z"
slug: "is-open-all-over-or-do-chasing-pack-have-chance"
source: "BBC Sport"
original_link: "https://www.bbc.com/sport/golf/articles/ckg67ner051o"
description: "Scottie Scheffler is looking increasingly unassailable in Royal Portrush - can anyone deny him his fourth major and first outside the US?"
mode: "summarize"
image: "https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/ace/branded_sport/1200/cpsprodpb/6065/live/0e2e7b90-64de-11f0-8dbd-f3d32ebd3327.jpg"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "bbc.com"
---
<div id="readability-page-1" class="page"><div><main id="main-content" data-testid="main-content"><article id="urn-bbc-ares--article-ckg67ner051o"><header data-component="headline-block"><h2 id="main-heading" type="headline" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Is Open all over or do chasing pack have chance?</span></h2></header><div data-component="media-block"><figure><figcaption><span>Media caption, </span><p>'Special player' - Scheffler takes control of The Open</p></figcaption></figure></div><div data-component="byline-block"><p>Richard Winton</p><p>BBC Sport at Royal Portrush</p></div><div data-component="text-block"><p><b>Scottie Scheffler could be forgiven for spending Saturday night sketching out his Open Championship winner's speech.</b></p><p>The world number one has led a major with 18 holes to play three times before  </p><p>At the 2022 Masters, he was three shots clear. Two years later at Augusta, one ahead. Both times he left with the Green Jacket.</p><p>In May, the American parlayed a three-stoke lead into a six-shot win at the US PGA.</p><p>And now at Royal Portrush in this year's Open Championship, Scheffler has cleaved open an advantage of four shots after 54 holes following a display of understated authority in the hazy Northern Irish sunshine.</p><p>The 29-year-old's dominance has looked increasingly unassailable as the past couple of days have unfolded on the Antrim coast.</p><p>The unheralded Li Haotang of China is his nearest challenger. England's Matt Fitzpatrick is one further back. Rory McIlroy is six behind. </p><p>So is the third leg of a career Grand Slam now inevitable or can someone, somehow, deny Scheffler his fourth major and first outside the United States?</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Is-Scheffler-next-to-join-elite-club-" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Is Scheffler next to join elite club? </span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>Fitzpatrick had suggested after the second round that Scheffler - as world’s top-ranked player - would carry the burden of expectation around the links over this weekend.</p><p>But if he felt any pressure, he didn't show it in a serene round of 67. </p><p>Scheffler completed his day's work without a blemish on the card, an eagle and two birdies perfectly timed to ease himself clear of his rivals at just the right moments.</p><p>Now he is 18 holes away from becoming just the fourth player to win a Masters, US PGA and The Open before the age of 30. Gary Player, Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods are in the bar waiting for him.</p><p>And should he do so, he would also become only the second player to win the Claret Jug while topping the world rankings, after Woods, who did it three times.</p></div><div data-component="text-block"><p>Not bad for someone who started his week in Northern Ireland by saying professional golf was "not a fulfilling life" and questioned "the point" of zealously pursuing victories.</p><p>While he might not wring the same satisfaction from it as some, he could be three-quarters of a way to a career Grand Slam by the end of Sunday.</p><p>Given he's had four top-10s in the last eight US Opens, the chances are he'll join McIlroy in attaining membership of that elite club of six men some time soon.</p><p>"I'm just trying to execute, not overthinking things," Scheffler said after his round on Saturday. "I feel like I've been doing the right thing so far.</p><p>"It would be nice [to win] but I'm not going to be thinking about that tonight. I'm going to be going home, trying to get some rest and then get ready for tomorrow."</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="What-was-it-like-following-him-at-Portrush" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">What was it like following him at Portrush?</span></h2></p><div data-component="sub-byline-block"><p>Jonathan Bradley</p><p>BBC Sport NI at Royal Portrush</p></div><div data-component="text-block"><p>When Shane Lowry, who won The Open here in 2019, said the course would never play any "easier than it is today". </p><p>It felt an ominous warning to anyone with aspirations of halting Scheffler's seeming procession towards the Claret Jug.</p><p>The Irishman was speaking not long after the world number one took to the course already with a two-shot lead.</p><p>Rather than go on the sort of birdie blitz that his playing partner from the first two days warned was possible, Scheffler instead shot the sort of stress-free 67 that has become his calling card.</p><p>At a course where the most famous hole is named Calamity Corner, the American's consistent ability to avoid disaster was again the most striking element of his game.</p><p>Reeling off streaks of six and eight consecutive pars in a round that contained no bogeys, there were times when Scheffler's blend of patience, control and execution made the majestic appear simply routine.</p><p>Even when there were hints of trouble, the threats were quickly extinguished.</p></div><div data-component="media-block"><figure><figcaption><span>Media caption, </span><p>Scheffler: I'm excited for the challenge on Sunday</p></figcaption></figure></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="What-makes-Scheffler-so-good" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">What makes Scheffler so good?</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>Scheffler is, for the most part, not a big talker. But others were more than happy to do so on the Olympic gold medallist's behalf after Saturday's exhibition.</p><p>McIlroy, the nearest man to the American in the rankings and the most recent to join the Grand Slam club, called him "incredibly impressive".</p><p>"I don't think it's a surprise - he's playing like Scottie," said the Northern Irishman, who was handed his Green Jacket by deposed champion Scheffler in April.</p><p>"Everyone's seen the way he's played over the past two or three years. He's just so solid. He doesn't make mistakes. He's turned himself into a really consistent putter as well, so there doesn't seem to be any weakness there.</p><p>"Whenever you're chasing down a guy like that, it's hard to do."</p><p>Robert MacIntyre is 14th in the world but concedes the gap between himself and Scheffler is absolutely vast.</p><p>"At the start of this year, when we checked the stats, Scheffler was further ahead of number two in the world than I was at 15th or 16th to the number two," the Scot said.</p><p>"He's an exceptional player and a great guy, and works so hard."</p><p>Another of the world's top 20, Harris English, has known Scheffler since their amateur days.</p><p>”He's unbelievable,” his compatriot said. </p><p>“He's been number one for I don't know how many weeks but he works harder than anybody I've ever seen. He works like he's never going to play in another major championship ever again. </p><p>"He's easy to root for. I can't say anything bad about the guy. What he's doing is incredible."</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Can-anyone-deny-him-Claret-Jug" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Can anyone deny him Claret Jug?</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p>It's not just in majors that Scheffler's resolve stiffens on a Sunday. The last nine times he's led going into the final round of a PGA Tour event, he's won.  </p><p>He is often more machine than man. But occasionally, machines fail. </p><p>Nobody has ever lost a bigger lead in the final round of a regular tour event than Scheffler did in the 2022 the Tour Championship.</p><p>He was six clear going into the final day back then, but failed to get the job done in Atlanta. </p><p>The man who denied him victory that day? The man who is six behind him going into Sunday's final round here... McIlroy.</p></div></article></main></div></div>