---
title: "Euro 2025 power rankings: Spain still the team to beat but England in hunt"
date: "2025-07-21T07:01:12.000Z"
slug: "euro-2025-power-rankings:-spain-still-the-team-to-beat-but-england-in-hunt"
source: "Sport | The Guardian"
original_link: "https://www.theguardian.com/football/2025/jul/21/euro-2025-power-rankings-spain-england-italy-germany"
description: "World champions set up Germany semi-final after Swiss success while England play Italy following shootout drama Spain’s quest to win their first European title continues at full pace. Their quarter-final victory against Switzerland was more difficult than expected and required significant patience. They were not at their best – the hosts did not allow them to be – but the calibre of the world champions’ squad means the opposition cannot switch off, even for an instant. Finding a way is relatively easy when you have Aitana Bonmatí on the field, and her back-heeled assist for Athenea del Castillo’s opener on Friday night was the moment of inspiration they needed. Winning in front of a partisan host crowd is also an achievement mentally.  Continue reading..."
mode: "in_depth"
image: "https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/e0e82a0645e33ac40e2c56d6ef90856e6e54d1b4/0_0_2500_2000/master/2500.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&precrop=40:21,offset-x50,offset-y0&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctZGVmYXVsdC5wbmc&enable=upscale&s=0d6939d32ec7e4c81822d2f42998ada9"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "theguardian.com"
---
<p>1) SpainSpain’s quest to win their first European title continues at full pace. Their quarter-final victory against Switzerland was more difficult than expected and required significant patience. They were not at their best – the hosts did not allow them to be – but the calibre of the world champions’ squad means the opposition cannot switch off, even for an instant. Finding a way is relatively easy when you have Aitana Bonmatí on the field, and her back-heeled assist for Athenea del Castillo’s opener on Friday night was the moment of inspiration they needed. Winning in front of a partisan host crowd is also an achievement mentally.2) EnglandSarina Wiegman described England’s win against Sweden as one of the hardest matches she has ever watched. But it was also one of the most thrilling. The holders were outplayed in the first half but came back through sheer grit, tactical adaptability and a bench-worth of game-changers. The Lionesses became the first team in Euros history to turn around a 2-0 deficit in a knockout match and they have been in the semi-finals of every major tournament since 2015. That shows a mental resilience not many teams possess. To then win the penalty shootout in the manner they did – through the pure willpower of Lucy Bronze if nothing else – illustrated how important this is.3) ItalyThe development of this Italy side since crashing out of the 2023 World Cup at the group stage has been nothing short of remarkable. Andrea Soncin has brought fresh life to a team that were threatening to go backwards. They dominated their quarter-final victory over Norway, utilising Arianna Caruso’s passing range, Sofia Cantore’s speed in wide areas and Cristiana Girelli’s instinctive eye for goal, and celebrated reaching their first major tournament semi-final since 1997 with fervour, tears falling and Natasha Bedingfield’s Unwritten echoing through the hallways of the Stade de Genève.4) GermanyThe difference in Germany between their group defeat by Sweden and the performance they put in to overcome France could not have been starker. They were reduced to 10 players in both matches, but they left everything on the pitch in their quarter-final encounter on Saturday night, battling against the odds to reach the last four once again. There is no doubt that Christian Wück’s side are wounded. Their backline is decimated by injury and suspension. There is strength to be found in resilience, however, and Germany displayed plenty of that in Basel.Michelle Agyemang scored England’s equaliser in the dramatic quarter-final win against Sweden. Photograph: Philipp Kresnik/SheKicks/SPP/Shutterstock5) SwitzerlandEveryone present inside the Stadion Wankdorf on Friday understood they were witnessing something special. Switzerland have captured the heart of their nation over the past month and their performance against Spain, despite ultimate defeat, will have only brought in more fans. About 25,000 marched through the city of Berne to the match, a sea of red and white that illustrated this goes way beyond the plucky, tenacious performances of Pia Sundhage’s young group. They have forged a bond with their fans; it is now up to those in power to ensure this opportunity is not missed.6) FranceA week ago, France very much looked like a team who could win this tournament, one who had shaken off numerous past issues. But once again, their knockout curse raised its head. Their shootout defeat by Germany was their eighth in their past nine appearances at a quarter-final stage, and it is the way this one happened that will hurt the most. Despite an injury-struck Germany being reduced to 10 players early on, Laurent Bonadei’s side created nine chances and recorded an xG of only 0.63 from open play. The inquest will begin shortly.Ann-Katrin Berger saved Amel Majri’s penalty in the shootout as Germany sealed an unlikely victory against France. Photograph: Eurasia Sport Images/Getty Images7) SwedenPeter Gerhardsson’s dejected appearance after defeat by England summed it all up. The Sweden manager could not comprehend how his in-form side had not won. The initial gameplan was “perfect” but their inability to retain their energy levels and adapt to the Lionesses’ tactical adaptations proved their downfall. Add in some strange substitutions and penalty-taker decisions and it was Sweden who found themselves on the plane home. This was their first defeat since July 2024 and they had taken the tournament by storm up to this point, cruising through the group stage. Ultimately there was a sad end to Gerhardsson’s eight-year tenure.8) NorwayHow to solve a problem like Norway. That is the question that remains after yet another knockout stage defeat. On paper they possess one of the strongest attacks in Europe, but they all too often fail to be a sum of their parts. Their performance against Italy was disappointing, offering very little bar a 10-minute spell in the second half. Gemma Grainger’s side registered just one shot on target in 90 minutes; Ada Hegerberg’s equaliser. Their failing repeatedly on the global stage requires a comprehensive rethink by the Norwegian FA if they are ever going to realise their potential.</p>