---
   title: "England stutter to consolation T20 win over India"
   date: "2025-07-12T21:36:47.000Z"
   slug: "england-stutter-to-consolation-t20-win-over-india"
   source: "BBC Sport"
   original_link: "https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/cgjg053pyd8o"
   description: "England beat India off the final ball at Edgbaston, sealing a consolation win as the visitors claim the T20 series 3-2."
   mode: "summarize"
   image: "https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/ace/branded_sport/1200/cpsprodpb/c9db/live/016c7e10-5f5d-11f0-a40e-a1af2950b220.jpg"
   category: "general"
   tags: ["general"]
   domain: "bbc.com"
  ---
  <div id="readability-page-1" class="page"><div><main id="main-content" data-testid="main-content"><article id="urn-bbc-ares--article-cgjg053pyd8o"><header data-component="headline-block"><h2 id="main-heading" type="headline" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">England stutter to consolation T20 win over India</span></h2></header><div data-component="media-block"><figure><figcaption><span>Media caption, </span><p>'horror' drop, 'extraordinary' dismissal, 'ridiculous' catch - England win on final ball</p></figcaption></figure></div><div data-component="byline-block"><p>Ffion Wynne</p><p>BBC Sport Journalist</p></div><div data-component="metadata-block"><p><span><span><time data-testid="timestamp" datetime="2025-07-12T21:36:47.675Z">Updated 8 minutes ago</time></span></span></p></div><div data-component="text-block"><p><b>Fifth T20, Edgbaston</b></p><p><b>India 167-7 (20 overs): </b>Verma 75 (41); Dean 3-23 </p><p><b>England 168-5 (20 overs): </b>Wyatt-Hodge 56 (36); Sharma 2-31</p><p><i>England won by five wickets; India win series 3-2</i></p><p><a href="https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/scorecard/e-223249">Scorecard</a></p></div><div data-component="text-block"><p><b>England claimed a consolation win in the final T20 of the series against India as they edged a last-ball thriller at Edgbaston.</b></p><p>Chasing 168, England needed six from the final over with seven wickets in hand, but lost stand-in captain Tammy Beaumont and Amy Jones to leave one run needed from the final delivery. </p><p>Sophie Ecclestone and Paige Scholfield scampered the single to survive the scare and seal a five-wicket win, though Ecclestone would have been run out with a direct hit from Jemimah Rodrigues at mid-off. </p><p>The tense finish concluded England's highest successful chase in a home T20, which was set up by Danni Wyatt-Hodge's 56 from 36 balls on her 300th international appearance in an opening stand of 101 with Sophia Dunkley. </p><p>Beaumont's 30 seemed to set up England's push for victory, but she was bowled from the first ball of Arundhati Reddy's closing over and Jones was dismissed by a phenomenal catch from Radha Yadav on the mid-wicket boundary. </p><p>Earlier, opener Shafali Verma played a lone hand in India's 167-7 with a sensational 75 from 41 balls. </p><p>Verma whacked 13 fours and a six in her knock but struggled for support, with Richa Ghosh's 24 the second-highest contribution as England chipped away with wickets throughout the middle overs to stall their scoring.</p><p>Charlie Dean was the pick with 3-23, including Verma, Sophie Ecclestone took 2-28 and Linsey Smith picked up 1-26.</p><p>The one-day international series begins at Southampton on 16 July, which will be England's final three matches in the format before the World Cup starts at the end of September. </p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Dean-restricts-India-despite-Verma-magic" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Dean restricts India despite Verma magic</span></h2></p><div data-component="media-block"><figure><figcaption><span>Media caption, </span><p>England get an early wicket as they remove Mandhana</p></figcaption></figure></div><div data-component="text-block"><p>India's opening partnership between Smriti Mandhana and Verma has been a thorn in England's side throughout the series, with three of their five stands bringing fifty or more runs.</p><p>With the series gone, England coach Charlotte Edwards made three changes including a rest for quicks Lauren Bell and Lauren Filer, presenting opportunities for left-armer Smith and seamer Em Arlott after missing the previous two matches.</p><p>Both marked their returns immediately with Arlott claiming the huge wicket of Mandhana, caught at point for eight in the second over, and Smith bowled Rodrigues for one in the third.</p><p>But Verma was ruthless - anything full was pumped down the ground, and her placement was sublime, frequently picking gaps through the leg side when anything was fractionally short.</p><p>The opener added 66 for the third wicket with skipper Harmanpreet Kaur before the spinners efficiently put the brakes on the innings in the middle overs.</p><p>Harmanpreet was bowled by Dean for 15, Harleen Deol was lbw to Ecclestone for four before Dean struck the hammer blow with Verma sensationally caught at long-on by a diving Maia Bouchier in her first appearance of the series.</p><p>At 116-5, India were on the ropes but it is testament to their much-improved strength in depth that they recovered to post a respectable total - despite the eventual result - with 24 from wicketkeeper Richa Ghosh and a run-a-ball 14 from Yadav.</p><p>While the spinners' efforts were encouraging, with all three conceding seven runs or fewer per over, Arlott and Issy Wong were targeted and finished with figures of 1-42 and 0-47 respectively.</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="Edgy-win-concludes-disappointing-series" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">Edgy win concludes disappointing series</span></h2></p><div data-component="media-block"><figure><figcaption><span>Media caption, </span><p>'Her eyes lit up!' - Dunkley hits slower ball over long on for six</p></figcaption></figure></div><div data-component="text-block"><p>Despite the win, concerns still remain surrounding England's inability to perform under pressure because although they scraped over the line, this came when the series was already lost, in stark contrast to the disappointment of the fourth T20 when a win was needed to keep themselves alive.</p><p>India appeared to take their eye off the ball with their most sloppy performance in the field yet, with Shree Charani dropping a simple chance at short fine leg when Wyatt-Hodge was on five in the second over and another straightforward chance with Jones on seven which would have piled the pressure on earlier in the closing stages.</p><p>Their debutant, 21-year-old seamer Kranti Goud, started the innings with three consecutive wides to gift England some early momentum and Wyatt-Hodge and Dunkley pounced, cruising to 57-0 after the six-over powerplay as India's bowlers strayed both sides of the wicket – with Yadav's miserly spell of 1-20 the exception.</p><p>Wyatt-Hodge reached her half-century from 30 balls, and Dunkley fell four runs short of her own when she was bowled by Yadav in the 11th over.</p><p>There was a sense of déjà vu from the third T20 at The Oval – where England lost 9-32 after an opening stand of 137 – when Wyatt-Hodge was caught at mid-off in the following over, and though India rallied to take the game to the final over, Beaumont's counter-attacking knock from 20 balls took them to within touching distance.</p><p>But amid the chaos she was bowled by a low full toss, Yadav's full-length dive on the boundary got rid of Jones for 10 before Ecclestone and Scholfield pushed hard to run three from the fourth ball which proved decisive. </p><p>Though they held their nerve, England can be under no illusions - they have largely been outplayed, with both wins coming in unconvincing style, while India's confidence will be soaring as they approach three crucial encounters in the longer format.</p></div><p data-component="subheadline-block"><h2 id="India-have-walked-the-series-what-they-said" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">'India have walked the series' - what they said</span></h2></p><div data-component="text-block"><p><b>England stand-in captain Tammy Beaumont:</b> "It's been a difficult series for us but credit to India, they've come over and played some challenging cricket with real power in their batting line-up. At times we haven't had the right answers."</p><p><b>India captain Harmanpreet Kaur:</b> "I am really happy with the way we played today. It was a very close game. The team put up a great effort in the end.</p><p>"We thought England played really good cricket. But the way we fought back was outstanding. We will go [into the ODI series] with the same mindset that we have played in the T20 series."</p><p><b>Player of the match, England spinner Charlie Dean:</b> "Shafali [Verma] was creating width and we had to bowl really tight lines. I kept things really simple today which maybe I hadn't done in the past - and I am really happy with that."</p><p><b>Former England bowler Alex Hartley on BBC Test Match Special: </b>"India have walked the series even though England have won two games.</p><p>"This game was what I was expecting from this series - close contests, good cricket."</p></div><section data-component="links-block"><p><h2 type="normal">More on this story</h2></p><ul role="list"><li></li></ul></section></article></main></div></div>