---
title: "2025 Open Championship odds, picks: Scheffler, McIlroy, DeChambeau predictions by model that nailed 15 majors"
date: "2025-07-16T00:20:53.000Z"
slug: "2025-open-championship-odds-picks:-scheffler-mcilroy-dechambeau-predictions-by-model-that-nailed-15-majors"
source: "CBSSports.com Headlines"
original_link: "https://www.cbssports.com/golf/news/2025-open-championship-odds-picks-scheffler-mcilroy-dechambeau-predictions-by-model-that-nailed-15-majors/"
description: "Picks for 2025 Open Championship golfers and the British Open favorite to win ahead of the year's final major at Royal Portrush"
mode: "in_depth"
image: "https://sportshub.cbsistatic.com/i/r/2025/07/15/6f0bff9b-d5e2-44bb-8fa8-34fcb7e5b2ad/thumbnail/1200x675/a957497281fe51d265d669f856c61394/bryson-dechambeau-open-championship-getty-images.jpg"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "cbssports.com"
---
<div id="readability-page-1" class="page"><div>
        
        
                            
                
        <p>Scottie Scheffler has eight career top 5s at major tournaments, but none of those have come at The Open. It's been the most difficult major for the World No. 1, whose seventh-place finish a year ago is his best result. However, Scheffler has also never had a bad performance with top 25s in each of his four British Open starts, ahead of the Open Championship 2025. His solid, but not exceptional, performances have done little to deter him per sportsbooks, as Scheffler is the +450 favorite for the 2025 Open Championship.</p><p>The latest PGA odds have just one other golfer in single digits as Rory McIlroy is +700 following his runner-up performance at the Scottish Open last week. With three top 10s over his last four British Open starts, Jon Rahm is at +1200 to utilize in Open Championship bets, while Bryson DeChambeau (20-1) and Xander Schauffele (25-1) are among the other Open favorites heading into the first round on Thursday at 1:45 a.m. ET. Before locking in your 2025 Open Championship picks or entering any PGA DFS tournaments on sites like DraftKings and FanDuel, be sure to <a href="https://www.sportsline.com/insiders/2025-open-championship-picks-odds-model-reveals-projected-leaderboard-predictions-for-scottie-scheffler-rory-mcilroy-and-others/#ttag=07072025_agg_cbssports_picks_golf_pgatour_model_OpenChampionshipNames" target="_blank">see the golf predictions and projected leaderboard from the proven computer model at SportsLine</a>.</p><p>SportsLine's proprietary model, built by DFS pro Mike McClure, has been red-hot since the PGA Tour resumed in June 2020. In fact, the model is up over $8,500 on its best bets since the restart, nailing tournament after tournament.</p><p>This same model has also nailed a whopping 15 majors entering the weekend, including the 2025 Masters -- its fourth Masters in a row -- and the 2025 PGA Championship. Anyone who has followed its&nbsp;<a href="https://www.cbssports.com/betting/" target="_blank">sports betting</a>&nbsp;picks could have seen massive returns on&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.cbssports.com/betting/news/best-betting-apps/" target="_blank">betting sites</a></span>. New users have the opportunity to take advantage of the latest&nbsp;<a href="https://www.cbssports.com/betting/news/fanduel-promo-code/">FanDuel promo code</a>,&nbsp;<a href="https://www.cbssports.com/betting/news/draftkings-promo-code/">DraftKings promo code</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a href="https://www.cbssports.com/betting/news/fanatics-promo-code/">Fanatics Sportsbook promo code</a>.</p>
        

<p>Now that the 2025 Open Championship  field is locked in and fans are deciding where to bet the Open Championship, SportsLine simulated the tournament 10,000 times, and the results were surprising. <a href="https://www.sportsline.com/insiders/2025-open-championship-picks-odds-model-reveals-projected-leaderboard-predictions-for-scottie-scheffler-rory-mcilroy-and-others/#ttag=07072025_agg_cbssports_picks_golf_pgatour_model_OpenChampionshipNames" target="_blank">Head to SportsLine now to see the projected leaderboard</a>.</p><h2>2025 Open Championship  predictions for Scottie Scheffler, Rory McIlroy, Bryson DeChambeau&nbsp;</h2><p>One shocker the model is calling at the Open Championship 2025: McIlroy, a five-time major champion, stumbles this week and barely cracks the top five. McIlroy has just one missed cut over his last 10 major starts, but it came at The Open a year ago. He also doesn't have the best history with Royal Portrush, despite the Northern Ireland course being roughly 60 miles from where he was born. When The Open last visited the course in 2019, McIlroy, despite being the pre-tournament favorite, missed the cut.</p><p>He's had an up and down 2025 PGA Tour season, with the highest of highs coming when he completed the career Grand Slam by winning the Masters. However, he finished outside the top 15 at each of the next two majors, marking the first time since 2021 that he went consecutive majors without top 15s. Some of his struggles can be pointed to his waywardness off the tee as he ranks 166th out of 174 golfers in driving accuracy percentage. With the windy conditions that a links course provides, and with the tight fairways that Portrush possesses, McIlroy's struggles off the tee could be magnified which is a reason why the model's down on him for The Open.</p>
        

<p>The model has also locked in its projection for Scottie Scheffler, who is now a three-time major champion after winning the PGA Championship earlier this year. He's unquestionably the best player in the world right now after piling up 16 wins on the PGA Tour since Feb. 2022, but he has had a few difficulties in the Open Championship. He hasn't cracked the top five in any of his four starts in golf's oldest major and was outside the top 20 twice.</p><p>However, he has been inside the top 25 in all four of his Open Championship starts and was top 10 twice, including a career-best t-7th finish last year at Royal Troon. He's top 25 in all four major strokes gained categories on the PGA Tour this season and his improvements to his all-around game, particularly his putting, are a big reason why he could finally be a factor in an Open Championship. Scheffler is -110 to finish in the top 5 and -220 to finish in the top 10.</p><p>The model has also locked in its projection for Bryson DeChambeau, who is a two-time major champion who also had top-five finishes in both this year's Masters and PGA Championship. DeChambeau wasn't able to maintain his top-five streak at last month's U.S. Open as he missed the cut after winning the major a year ago. Nonetheless, he's been on quite a run over his last seven major starts as he has five finishes in the top six.</p>
        

<p>DeChambeau collected his 14th professional win in May in South Korea, but success has been fleeting at this specific major tournament. The Open is the only that he's never recorded a top 5 at, and he only has one top 25 over his seven British Open starts. DeChambeau missed the cut in 2019 when The Open was last at Royal Portrush, shooting 5-over-par and finishing four strokes back of the cut line. Thus, he'll look to lean more on recent results, both in majors and this season, rather than his history at The Open Championship.&nbsp;<a href="https://www.sportsline.com/insiders/2025-open-championship-picks-odds-model-reveals-projected-leaderboard-predictions-for-scottie-scheffler-rory-mcilroy-and-others/#ttag=07072025_agg_cbssports_picks_golf_pgatour_model_OpenChampionshipNames" target="_blank">See the full Open Championship projections from the model here</a>.</p><h2>How to make 2025 Open Championship  picks</h2><p>The model is targeting targeting five golfers with odds of 28-1 or longer to make a strong run up the leaderboard, including a monster 50-1 longshot. <a href="https://www.sportsline.com/insiders/2025-open-championship-picks-odds-model-reveals-projected-leaderboard-predictions-for-scottie-scheffler-rory-mcilroy-and-others/#ttag=07072025_agg_cbssports_picks_golf_pgatour_model_OpenChampionshipNames" target="_blank">You can only see the model's picks here</a>.</p><p><strong>Who will win the 2025 Open Championship, which longshots will stun the golfing world, and where will Scottie Scheffler, Rory McIlroy and Bryson DeChambeau finish? Check out the latest 2025 Open Championship odds below and then&nbsp;<a href="https://www.sportsline.com/insiders/2025-open-championship-picks-odds-model-reveals-projected-leaderboard-predictions-for-scottie-scheffler-rory-mcilroy-and-others/#ttag=07072025_agg_cbssports_picks_golf_pgatour_model_OpenChampionshipNames" target="_blank">visit SportsLine to see the projected leaderboard, all from the model that's nailed 15 golf majors, including the last four Masters and last two PGA Championships</a>.</strong></p>
        

<h2>2025 Open Championship  odds, favorites&nbsp;</h2><p><a href="https://www.sportsline.com/insiders/2025-open-championship-picks-odds-model-reveals-projected-leaderboard-predictions-for-scottie-scheffler-rory-mcilroy-and-others/#ttag=07072025_agg_cbssports_picks_golf_pgatour_model_OpenChampionshipNames" target="_blank">Get full 2025 Open Championship picks, best bets and predictions here</a>.&nbsp;</p><p>(odds subject to change)</p><p>Scottie Scheffler +450<br>Rory McIlroy +700<br>Jon Rahm +1200<br>Bryson DeChambeau +2000<br>Xander Schauffele +2500<br>Tommy Fleetwood +2600<br>Ludvig Åberg +2800<br>Collin Morikawa +3000<br>Viktor Hovland +3000<br>Tyrrell Hatton +3300<br>Shane Lowry +3300<br>Robert MacIntyre +3500<br>Matt Fitzpatrick +5000<br>Sepp Straka +5000<br>Joaquin Niemann +5000<br>Justin Thomas +5000<br>Patrick Cantlay +5500<br>Jordan Spieth +6000<br>Brooks Koepka +6000<br>Russell Henley +6500<br>Corey Conners +6500<br>Sam Burns +7500<br>Adam Scott +8000<br>Justin Rose +8000<br>Patrick Reed +9000<br>Ben Griffin +9000<br>Jason Day +9000<br>Maverick McNealy +9000<br>Cameron Young +9000<br>Hideki Matsuyama +9000<br>JJ Spaun +9000<br>Ryan Fox +10000<br>Aaron Rai +10000<br>Keegan Bradley +10000<br>Chris Gotterup +10000</p>


        
            </div></div>