---
title: "2025 Autotrader EchoPark Automotive 400 picks, betting odds: 3 free NASCAR longshots to back at Dover"
date: "2025-07-19T14:46:21.000Z"
slug: "2025-autotrader-echopark-automotive-400-picks-betting-odds:-3-free-nascar-longshots-to-back-at-dover"
source: "CBSSports.com Headlines"
original_link: "https://www.cbssports.com/nascar/news/2025-autotrader-echopark-automotive-400-picks-betting-odds-3-free-nascar-longshots-to-back-at-dover/"
description: "SportsLine's model has simulated the 2025 NASCAR Dover race and Round 4 of the NASCAR In-Season Challenge 10,000 times and released its three best NASCAR longshots"
mode: "in_depth"
image: "https://sportshub.cbsistatic.com/i/r/2025/07/16/ad346c3d-70b6-4709-8411-a3a96099b9c9/thumbnail/1200x675/19155a31db0c9a6204d337145f698952/usatsi-26350522.jpg"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "cbssports.com"
---
<div id="readability-page-1" class="page"><div>
        
        
        
                
        
<p>The 2025 Autotrader EchoPark Automotive 400 from Dover Motor Speedway has a wide-open field considering the recent history at the 1 mile oval track. The last five races have been won by five different drivers, so you may be able to find a 2025 NASCAR at Dover longshot anywhere within the Autotrader EchoPark Automotive 400 odds board. While Ross Chastain isn't one of those victors, he is among a handful of drivers with multiple top 5s over this span, with his runner-up and third-place both coming since he linked up with Trackhouse Racing. Even with that, Chastain is a +1400 NASCAR sleeper for Sunday's race at 2 p.m. ET. He is being undervalued by sportsbooks, but SportsLine's model, which has nailed eight winners just this year alone, likes Chastain at his long NASCAR Dover odds.</p><p>Before entering any 2025 Dover NASCAR picks, be sure to see the latest 2025 NASCAR at Dover predictions from SportsLine's proven projection model. Developed by SportsLine predictive data engineer Mike McClure, the proprietary NASCAR prediction model simulates every race 10,000 times and has nailed a whopping 26 winners since 2021, including eight winners in 2025.</p><p>SportsLine simulated the NASCAR Autotrader EchoPark Automotive 400 10,000 times. Here are the three NASCAR longshots to target, according to the model:</p><p><strong>Best NASCAR at Dover longshots (odds subject to change):<br></strong></p><ul><li>Ross Chastain (+1400)</li><li>Tyler Reddick (+1400)</li><li>Joey Logano (+2600)</li></ul><h2>Ross Chastain (+1400)</h2><p>Ever since Trackhouse acquired Chip Ganassi Racing in 2022, Chastain has been a different driver at Dover. He never finished better than 15th across seven Dover starts while with Ganassi, but has since placed second, third and 12th in three starts with Trackhouse. Chastain led for 86 laps in the 2022 race at Dover Motor Speedway before placing third and then led for 98 laps -- and winning Stage 2 -- at the 2023 race before finishing second. Coincidentally, he also had second and third-place finishes in his last two Dover starts (2020) on the Xfinity Series. Chastain has finished among the top dozen drivers in five of his last six starts on 1-mile tracks, as a whole, as he's quite comfortable on intermediate circuits. You can also use&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.cbssports.com/betting/news/draftkings-promo-code/" target="_blank">DraftKings promo code</a></span>&nbsp;on Chastain, which would allow you to get $150 in bonus bets after a $5 initial wager. <a href="https://sportsbook.draftkings.com/acq-bet-and-get?wpcid=399151&amp;wpsrc=3100&amp;wpcn=119&amp;wpscn=CBS&amp;wpcrn=Sports&amp;wpscid=xx&amp;wpcrid=xx&amp;pt_sessionId=mcjflxzi2ql27_c3851" target="_blank" rel="nofollow sponsored">Claim that promo right here</a>.</p><h2>Tyler Reddick (+1400)</h2><p>After finishing sixth (2023) and fourth (2024) in NASCAR standings over the last two years, Reddick is again in contention for his first Cup Series championship. He's currently fourth in points thanks to a recent surge over different track types. Three weeks ago, he won a stage and finished fourth overall on the quad-oval of Atlanta and followed that up with a third place -- and posting the fastest lap -- on the streets of Chicago. Then last week, Reddick notched a sixth-place finish at Sonoma's road race, showing his versatility on various circuits. He has three top-six finishes over his last four starts on 1-mile tracks overall and is poised to outperform his NASCAR Dover odds.</p><h2>Joey Logano (+2600)</h2><p>Logano established his name on the Xfinity Series due to his success at Dover, sweeping both races at the track in both 2012 and 2013. His four Dover victories on that series are the second-most in NASCAR history, and while he's yet to claim a checkered flag at the track on the Cup Series, he's been in the running many times over. His 15 top 10s at Dover Motor Speedway are the third-most amongst active drivers, and over his last nine starts at Dover, he's placed in the top 10 more often than not. Add in that he has a pair of victories at a comparable track in Phoenix within the last three years, and Logano is a steal as a +2600 NASCAR sleeper which can be wagered on with a&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.cbssports.com/betting/news/fanduel-promo-code/" target="_blank">FanDuel promo code</a></span>, which you can apply&nbsp;<a href="https://www.fanduel.com/sportsbook-affiliate-mlb-2025?btag=a_40115b_16c_mcjflxzi2ql27_c1776&amp;siteid=40115" target="_blank" rel="nofollow sponsored">right here</a>.</p><h3>More top NASCAR at Dover expert picks, longshots revealed</h3><p><strong>You've seen the NASCAR longshots from the model. Now, see the full 2025 NASCAR Dover leaderboard, including forecasts for who finishes first. <a href="https://www.sportsline.com/insiders/2025-autotrader-echopark-automotive-400-odds-picks-projected-nascar-at-dover-leaderboard-predictions-by-top-model/#ttag=07182025_agg_cbssports_picks_autoracing_nascarcupseries_model_AutotraderEchoParkAutomotive400longshotsFREE" target="_blank">Visit SportsLine to see the projected leaderboard, all from the model that has nailed 26 winners, including Elliott's victory at Bowman Gray, Larson's win at Miami, Bell's All-Star victory, Hamlin's Michigan win, van Gisbergen's Mexico triumph, Elliott in Atlanta, and van Gisbergen again in Chicago and Sonoma</a>.</strong></p><p><strong>You can also view expert advice before locking in your NASCAR at Dover picks. <a href="https://www.sportsline.com/insiders/2025-echopark-automotive-400-odds-nascar-picks-best-bets-for-the-dover-motor-speedway-race-from-proven-racing-expert/#ttag=07182025_agg_cbssports_picks_autoracing_nascarcupseries_model_AutotraderEchoParkAutomotive400longshotsFREE" target="_blank">Visit SportsLine now to see expert Steven Taranto's picks, including an epic longshot of over 50-1, all from an expert who has nailed 17 NASCAR winners</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p><p><strong><a href="https://www.sportsline.com/insiders/2025-autotrader-echopark-automotive-400-top-nascar-dfs-picks-lineups-dover-driver-pool-from-a-daily-fantasy-pro/#ttag=07182025_agg_cbssports_picks_autoracing_nascarcupseries_model_AutotraderEchoParkAutomotive400longshotsFREE" target="_blank">Visit SportsLine now to see McClure's top NASCAR DFS picks, all from the daily Fantasy professional who has won more than $2 million playing DFS</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p><h2>2025 NASCAR Dover odds, drivers, lineup</h2><p>(odds subject to change)<br>Denny Hamlin +500<br>Kyle Larson +550<br>Ryan Blaney +850<br>William Byron +850<br>Christopher Bell +1200<br>Chase Elliott +1200<br>Ross Chastain +1400<br>Tyler Reddick +1400<br>Chase Briscoe +1600<br>Kyle Busch +2200<br>Alex Bowman +2200<br>Carson Hocevar +2600<br>Chris Buescher +2600<br>Joey Logano +2600<br>Ty Gibbs +2800<br>Brad Keselowski +2900<br>Austin Cindric +3700<br>Ryan Preece +5000<br>Josh Berry +5000<br>Bubba Wallace +6000<br>AJ Allmendinger +6000<br>Erik Jones +6000<br>Ricky Stenhouse Jr. +9500<br>Michael McDowell +11000<br>Shane van Gisbergen +11000<br>Daniel Suarez +12000<br>Noah Gragson +19000<br>Cole Custer +21000<br>John Hunter Nemechek +21000<br>Justin Haley +21000<br>Zane Smith +21000<br>Austin Dillon +34000<br>Ty Dillon +34000<br>Riley Herbst +34000<br>JJ Yeley +34000<br>Cody Ware +34000<br>Todd Gilliland +34000 &nbsp;</p>


        
            </div></div>