---
title: "2025 NASCAR Dover odds, EchoPark Automotive 400 picks, props: Expert who nailed 17 winners backs 55-1 longshot"
date: "2025-07-20T14:21:20.000Z"
slug: "2025-nascar-dover-odds-echopark-automotive-400-picks-props:-expert-who-nailed-17-winners-backs-55-1-longshot"
source: "CBSSports.com Headlines"
original_link: "https://www.cbssports.com/nascar/news/2025-nascar-dover-odds-echopark-automotive-400-picks-props-expert-who-nailed-17-winners-backs-55-1-longshot/"
description: "SportsLine's Steven Taranto reveals his picks and NASCAR props for 2025 EchoPark Automotive 400 at Dover Motor Speedway, where Denny Hamlin, Kyle Larson, Ryan Blaney and William Byron are favorites"
mode: "summarize"
image: "https://sportshub.cbsistatic.com/i/r/2025/07/20/5630657f-e7e1-42ae-b277-6bae2d9c28b3/thumbnail/1200x675/259ea75d6b7c77df245701ef242fbe58/denny-hamlin-imagn.jpg"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "cbssports.com"
---
Christopher Bell will look to get back to his winning ways when he takes part in the 2025 EchoPark Automotive 400 at Dover Motor Speedway in Dover, Delaware, on Sunday. Bell started the season red hot with wins in three of the first four weeks, but has failed to reach the winner's circle since. He has 12 top-10 finishes on the year, including a fifth-place showing last week at Sonoma. He was second at the Viva Mexico 250 in Mexico City on June 15. His last non-road course top-10 finish was at the Cracker Barrel 400 in Nashville on June 1.Denny Hamlin is the +500 favorite (risk $100 to win $500), followed by Kyle Larson at +550 in the latest 2025 EchoPark Automotive 400 odds from FanDuel Sportsbook. Other notables in the 2025 EchoPark Automotive 400 include Chase Elliott (+1100), Kyle Busch (+2200) and Joey Logano (+2600). Sunday's race is set for 2 p.m. ET. Before making any 2025 EchoPark Automotive 400 picks or NASCAR predictions, you need to see what NASCAR insider Steven Taranto has to say.Taranto, who moonlights as a sim racer and has 20 career wins in iRacing, is the lead NASCAR writer for CBSSports.com. He has an annual NASCAR media credential and also publishes a popular weekly NASCAR predictions column, famously calling Ross Chastain and Daniel Suarez's breakthrough wins in 2022.Taranto was red-hot for SportsLine in 2024 as he nailed 17 winners, including 16-1 longshot William Byron at the Daytona 500 and 14-1 longshot Chase Elliott at Texas. He correctly picked the Straight Talk Wireless 400 winner in Larson on March 23. Anyone following his NASCAR picks at their favorite sportsbooks could have seen huge returns.
        

Now, Taranto has analyzed the starting lineup and odds for Sunday's 2025 NASCAR EchoPark Automotive 400 at Dover Motor Speedway. He's only sharing his best bets at SportsLine. You can also use them to take advantage of the latest FanDuel promo code, DraftKings promo code or BetMGM promo code.2025 NASCAR EchoPark Automotive 400 expert picksFor the 2025 EchoPark Automotive 400 at Dover Motor Speedway, Taranto is high on Hamlin at +500. Hamlin won last year's race at Dover in dominant fashion. He led 136 of the 400 laps en route to the victory. Hamlin has 10 top-10 finishes this season, including three wins, the last coming at the 2025 FireKeepers Casino 400 at Michigan International Speedway on June 8.He is still looking to earn his first Cup Series season championship, having placed second in 2010. He finished eighth overall in 2024. Since his first race in 2005, Hamlin has run 704 races over a 21-year Cup Series career. He has registered 57 wins and 368 top-10 finishes. The Joe Gibbs Racing driver was the 2006 Nextel Cup Series Rookie of the Year. See which other drivers he's backing at SportsLine.
        

Top NASCAR props for DoverHead-to-head: Taranto sees Ty Gibbs (+110) finishing ahead of Tyler Reddick (-150) in one of the semifinal matchups in the NASCAR In-Season Challenge. Gibbs, the grandson of NASCAR team owner Joe Gibbs, is seeking his first Cup Series win, but has five top-10 finishes this season. Last week, Gibbs finished seventh at the Save Mart 350 at Sonoma Raceway. He was second at the Grant Park 165 in Chicago two weeks ago.Reddick, meanwhile, is coming off three consecutive top-five finishes. He took fourth at Atlanta, third in Chicago and sixth at Sonoma. Reddick had struggled a bit before that stretch, registering a 32nd-place finish at Pocono, 20th at Mexico City and 13th at Michigan. He has eight top-10 finishes in 2025 and finished 11th at Dover last year. See all of Taranto's picks at SportsLine. How to make 2025 EchoPark Automotive 400 predictionsTaranto has also identified four other drivers in his 2025 NASCAR EchoPark Automotive 400 best bets. He's also high on a huge NASCAR longshot who's going off at 55-1, potentially netting any backer a huge payday.         You can only see who they are here.
        

So who wins the 2025 EchoPark Automotive 400 at Dover and which massive longshot could stun NASCAR? Visit SportsLine now to see the 2025 NASCAR EchoPark Automotive 400 at Dover Motor Speedway picks and best bets from a NASCAR insider who nailed a colossal 17 winners last year, and find out.2025 NASCAR EchoPark Automotive 400 odds, lineupSee full 2025 EchoPark Automotive 400 at Dover Motor Speedway picks at SportsLine(odds subject to change)Denny Hamlin +500Kyle Larson +550Ryan Blaney +750William Byron +750Chase Elliott +1100Christopher Bell +1200Tyler Reddick +1400Ross Chastain +1400Chase Briscoe +1600Kyle Busch +2200Alex Bowman +2200Joey Logano +2600Carson Hocevar +2600Chris Buescher +2600Ty Gibbs +2800Brad Keselowski +2900Austin Cindric +3700Ryan Preece +5000Josh Berry +5000Bubba Wallace +6000AJ Allmendinger +6000Erik Jones +6000Ricky Stenhouse Jr. +9500Michael McDowell +11000Shane Van Gisbergen +11000Daniel Suarez +12000