---
   title: "Iga Swiatek races to first Wimbledon title with 6-0, 6-0 thrashing of Anisimova"
   date: "2025-07-12T16:28:47.000Z"
   slug: "iga-swiatek-races-to-first-wimbledon-title-with-6-0-6-0-thrashing-of-anisimova"
   source: "Sport | The Guardian"
   original_link: "https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2025/jul/12/iga-swiatek-races-to-first-wimbledon-title-with-6-0-6-0-thrashing-of-anisimova"
   description: "24-year-old Pole storms to victory in just 57 minutes  American freezes in most one-sided final in 114 years  Amanda Anisimova arrived in her first grand slam final playing the best tennis of her life but, under the stifling pressure of such a significant occasion against one of the greatest big-match players the sport has seen, her Saturday afternoon turned into the most difficult day of her career as a supreme Iga Swiatek dismantled the American 6-0, 6-0 in 57 minutes to claim her first Wimbledon title. This is the first time in the open era that the Wimbledon title has been won with a double bagel. The last 6-0, 6-0 result came in 1911, when the sport barely resembled its current modern form, with Dorothea Lambert Chambers’s dominant win over Dora Boothby in the challenge match era, a time when the defending champion played just once. Steffi Graf’s 6-0, 6-0 win over Natasha Zverev at the 1988 French Open is the only other grand slam final to be decided by a double bagel in the Open era. Swiatek has now won each of her first six grand slam finals, a reflection of her mental toughness and her readiness to produce her best tennis in the biggest moments.  Continue reading..."
   mode: "summarize"
   image: "https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/fdebe689dff6872883e7ecd149d799b0f435f999/21_0_4959_3967/master/4959.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctZGVmYXVsdC5wbmc&enable=upscale&s=b1317fd2cabbf5d64e2bdac812913981"
   category: "general"
   tags: ["general"]
   domain: "theguardian.com"
  ---
  24-year-old Pole storms to victory in just 57 minutes  American freezes in most one-sided final in 114 years  Amanda Anisimova arrived in her first grand slam final playing the best tennis of her life but, under the stifling pressure of such a significant occasion against one of the greatest big-match players the sport has seen, her Saturday afternoon turned into the most difficult day of her career as a supreme Iga Swiatek dismantled the American 6-0, 6-0 in 57 minutes to claim her first Wimbledon title. This is the first time in the open era that the Wimbledon title has been won with a double bagel. The last 6-0, 6-0 result came in 1911, when the sport barely resembled its current modern form, with Dorothea Lambert Chambers’s dominant win over Dora Boothby in the challenge match era, a time when the defending champion played just once. Steffi Graf’s 6-0, 6-0 win over Natasha Zverev at the 1988 French Open is the only other grand slam final to be decided by a double bagel in the Open era. Swiatek has now won each of her first six grand slam finals, a reflection of her mental toughness and her readiness to produce her best tennis in the biggest moments.  Continue reading...