---
title: "'No decisions have been made' - Fishlock on Wales future"
date: "2025-07-13T22:23:10.000Z"
slug: "'no-decisions-have-been-made'-fishlock-on-wales-future"
source: "BBC Sport"
original_link: "https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cj3r28z47leo"
description: "Wales midfielder Jess Fishlock says she has not made a decision on whether she will retire from international football."
mode: "summarize"
image: "https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/ace/branded_sport/1200/cpsprodpb/cc0f/live/e6b206e0-6037-11f0-960d-e9f1088a89fe.jpg"
category: "general"
tags: ["general"]
domain: "bbc.com"
---
<div id="readability-page-1" class="page"><div><main id="main-content" data-testid="main-content"><article id="urn-bbc-ares--article-cj3r28z47leo"><header data-component="headline-block"><h2 id="main-heading" type="headline" tabindex="-1"><span role="text">'No decisions have been made' - Fishlock on Wales future</span></h2></header><div data-component="media-block"><figure><figcaption><span>Media caption, </span><p>Fishlock needs ‘a little think’ before deciding on Wales future</p></figcaption></figure></div><div data-component="byline-block"><div><p>Michael Pearlman</p><p>BBC Sport Wales</p></div><div><p><strong>At</strong></p><p><span></span>St Gallen, Switzerland</p></div></div><div data-component="metadata-block"><p><span><span><time data-testid="timestamp" datetime="2025-07-13T22:23:10.433Z">Updated 13 July 2025</time></span></span></p></div><div data-component="text-block"><p><b>Wales midfielder Jess Fishlock says she has not made a decision on whether to retire from international football.</b></p><p>A 6-1 defeat by England confirmed their exit from Euro 2025, finishing bottom of Group D in their first major tournament appearance.</p><p>After the game Fishlock waved to fans and made a heart shape with her hands.</p><p>At the age of 38 and having finally achieved her dream of representing Wales at a major finals, she is now pondering her international future.</p><p>"I don't know right now, I think that's a tough one, I need to take a little seat and have a little think, but no decisions have been made. As of right now I'm still a Welsh player," Fishlock told BBC Sport Wales.</p></div><div data-component="text-block"><p>Fishlock, Wales' record appearance holder with 165 caps, underlined her importance to the side in Switzerland, scoring their first major tournament goal against France and providing the assist for Hannah Cain's consolation effort against England.</p><p>While proud of playing in her country's first major tournament, the Seattle Reign midfielder said she was hurt by the manner of their defeat by England.</p><p>"That was a tough one," she added. "We gave away a penalty, they get a goal out of nothing and I think it just really hit us. That's not what we wanted to happen."</p><p>Fishlock told ITV: "It's disappointing with that scoreline and we have to just keep learning and move on now and in the next campaigns keep moving forwards and keep getting to major tournaments.</p><p>"This is the beginning of a journey for us and we have been here and played three of the best teams in the world and found how big that jump is. We have to keep investing and keep building to make sure this isn't just a one-off.</p><p>"We can still celebrate being here and what it means for this nation and then we have to keep getting better."</p></div><div data-component="media-block"><figure><figcaption><span>Media caption, </span><p>'Big moment' - Cain scores for Wales</p></figcaption></figure></div><div data-component="text-block"><p>Wales boss Rhian Wilkinson has told her team it was "too early" to make any decisions on what comes next.</p><p>"What I've said to all my players is to take a breath," she said. "We right in the thick of something. There is so much emotion, there were great moments and there were really hard moments and painful moments and big lessons.</p><p>"It is not the time to look at future plans. I want the players to stick together as a team. Bigger life decisions can be made in the future."</p><p>Former Wales manager Jayne Ludlow said the Cardiff-born Fishlock would leave a void Wales simply cannot fill.</p><p>"The sad bit is, do we have another Jess coming through? Do we have more than one? I don't know the answer," she admitted. "What is our [team] identity moving forwards?"</p></div></article></main></div></div>