---
title: "Fantasy football rankings 2025: Sleepers, busts, breakouts via NFL model that called C.J. Stroud's off year"
date: "2025-07-16T10:21:17.000Z"
slug: "fantasy-football-rankings-2025:-sleepers-busts-breakouts-via-nfl-model-that-called-c.j.-stroud's-off-year"
source: "CBSSports.com Headlines"
original_link: "https://www.cbssports.com/fantasy/football/news/fantasy-football-rankings-2025-sleepers-busts-breakouts-via-nfl-model-that-called-c-j-strouds-off-year/"
description: "SportsLine simulated the new NFL season 10,000 times and identified 2025 Fantasy football sleepers, breakouts and busts for upcoming drafts"
mode: "summarize"
image: "https://sportshub.cbsistatic.com/i/r/2025/07/15/4a59a98e-26f2-455b-b05d-89999218836d/thumbnail/1200x675/004bad9c392d7221c9ae71331942eb90/drake-london-falcons-getty-images.jpg"
category: "american-football"
tags: ["american-football"]
domain: "cbssports.com"
---
<div id="readability-page-1" class="page"><div>
        
        
                            
                
        <p>Running back is one of the few positions where rookies can seemingly come from out of nowhere to make a significant impact. With NFL training camps rapidly approaching, managers everywhere are on the hunt for news about players who are rocketing up the depth chart. Buccaneers running back Bucky Irving was a fourth-round pick in the 2024 NFL Draft, but he started making waves during his first offseason in Tampa Bay. He eventually overtook Rachaad White as the top option in the Bucs' backfield and rushed for 1,122 yards and eight scores in his rookie season.</p><p>Now Irving, who has an over/under of 1,005.5 rushing yards this season, is coming off the board in the first couple rounds of 2025 Fantasy football drafts, but the race is one to identify 2025 Fantasy football sleepers and breakouts. A live-updated set of 2025 Fantasy football rankings can help you do exactly that, while they can also help you avoid potential 2025 Fantasy football busts. Before setting your 2025 Fantasy football draft strategy, <a href="https://www.sportsline.com/nfl/cheat-sheets-and-rankings/#ttag=05042025_agg_cbssports_fantasy_football_nfl_model_cheatsheetscombined" target="_blank">be sure to check out the 2025 Fantasy football rankings and cheat sheets from the proven computer model at SportsLine</a>.</p><p>Last year, the model accurately predicted that Texans quarterback C.J. Stroud might take a step back in his second season. He finished as QB18 and anybody who avoided drafting him early dodged a major headache in their Fantasy football lineups. The same model has a proven track record providing Fantasy football tips, identifying A.J. Brown as a sleeper in 2020, nailing Jonathan Taylor's monstrous season in 2021 and calling Rachaad White's breakout in 2023. Additionally, it has called past Fantasy football sleepers like Derrick Henry in 2019, Christian McCaffrey and Alvin Kamara in 2018, and Davante Adams in 2017. Anybody who banked on players like those made a run at their league title.</p><p>The model is powered by the same people who generated projections for all three major Fantasy sites, and it beat human experts last season when there was a big difference in ranking. The 2025 Fantasy football PPR rankings and 2024 Fantasy football standard projections update multiple times daily, so you're always getting the best Fantasy football advice.</p>
        

<p>Now, SportsLine has simulated the entire NFL season 10,000 times and released its latest 2025 Fantasy football rankings, along with plenty of sleepers, breakouts and busts.&nbsp;<a href="https://www.sportsline.com/nfl/cheat-sheets-and-rankings/#ttag=05042025_agg_cbssports_fantasy_football_nfl_model_cheatsheetscombined" target="_blank">Head to SportsLine now to see them</a>.&nbsp;</p><h2>Top 2025 Fantasy football sleepers</h2><p>One of the 2025 Fantasy football sleepers the model is predicting: Raiders quarterback Geno Smith. The Raiders traded a third-round draft pick for Smith in March, signing him to a two-year contract extension. He will be playing in a new-look offense under offensive coordinator Chip Kelly, who has utilized an up-tempo pace throughout his coaching career.</p><p>Smith has some intriguing weapons in Las Vegas, including rising star tight end Brock Bowers and dependable veteran Jakobi Meyers. The Raiders also added rookie running back Ashton Jeanty in the draft to provide some balance. Smith was the QB13 in Fantasy scoring last year, and the model has him as a top-20 quarterback this season despite his ADP of 25.&nbsp;<a href="https://www.sportsline.com/nfl/cheat-sheets-and-rankings/#ttag=05042025_agg_cbssports_fantasy_football_nfl_model_cheatsheetscombined" target="_blank">See more Fantasy football sleepers 2025 here</a>.</p>
        

<h2>Top 2025 Fantasy football breakouts</h2><p>One of the 2025 Fantasy football breakouts the model is predicting: Giants wide receiver Wan'Dale Robinson. The 24-year-old receiver enters his fourth NFL season, so although he's later in his career than your typical breakout, Robinson isn't much older than the incoming rookie class. Robinson played his entire rookie season at 21 years old, whereas many of the top rookie receivers are entering this season at 22. Robinson had more receptions (93) and targets (140) last year than in his first two seasons combined.</p><p>Robinson was a second-round pick in the 2022 NFL Draft after having 104 receptions for 1,333 yards in 13 games as a junior at Kentucky. He was used more in New York as the season progressed, including 10 receptions in the final game of the season. With offensive head coach Brian Daboll remaining in place, that involvement could continue to rise. The model has Robinson in the range of more high-profile receivers like Rome Odunze, Chris Olave and Jayden Reed in its 2025 Fantasy football rankings as it projects Robinson to be a more reliable Fantasy football receiver this year.&nbsp;<a href="https://www.sportsline.com/nfl/cheat-sheets-and-rankings/#ttag=05042025_agg_cbssports_fantasy_football_nfl_model_cheatsheetscombined" target="_blank">See more Fantasy football breakouts 2025 here</a>.</p><h2>Top 2025 Fantasy football busts</h2><p>As for players to avoid, the model lists Falcons wide receiver Drake London as one of its 2025 Fantasy football busts. The No. 8 overall pick in the 2022 NFL Draft showed flashes of potential while catching 141 passes for 1,771 yards and six touchdowns over his first two seasons. However, he finally established himself as a bonafide No. 1 receiver last year with 100 catches for 1,271 yards and nine touchdowns.</p>
        

<p>London's numbers even ticked up over the last three games of the season when Michael Penix replaced Kirk Cousins as the starter in Atlanta, but the passing game benefited from playing soft defenses during that stretch and the model expects tougher sledding in Penix's first full season as a starter. London has been the ninth wide receiver off the board on average in early 2025 Fantasy football drafts but the model puts him in WR2 territory by ranking him outside its top 12 wideouts.&nbsp;<a href="https://www.sportsline.com/nfl/cheat-sheets-and-rankings/#ttag=05042025_agg_cbssports_fantasy_football_nfl_model_cheatsheetscombined" target="_blank">See more Fantasy football busts 2025 here</a>.</p><h2>How to find proven 2025 Fantasy football football rankings</h2><p>SportsLine is also extremely high on a surprising wide receiver you aren't even thinking about being taken in the early rounds of 2025 Fantasy football drafts. This wide receiver is listed as a shocking top-15 option ahead of stars like A.J. Brown and Tyreek Hill.&nbsp;<a href="https://www.sportsline.com/nfl/cheat-sheets-and-rankings/#ttag=05042025_agg_cbssports_fantasy_football_nfl_model_cheatsheetscombined" target="_blank">You can only see who it is, and the 2025 Fantasy football rankings for every player, at SportsLine</a>.</p><p><strong>So which 2025 Fantasy Football sleepers, breakouts and busts should you target and fade, and which WR shocks the NFL with a top-15 performance? <a href="https://www.sportsline.com/nfl/cheat-sheets-and-rankings/#ttag=05042025_agg_cbssports_fantasy_football_nfl_model_cheatsheetscombined" target="_blank">Visit SportsLine now to get 2025 Fantasy Football cheat sheets for every single position, all from the model that called C.J. Stroud's disappointing sophomore season in 2024</a>, and find out.</strong></p>
        




        
            </div></div>