---
title: "Fantasy Football Rankings 2025: Breakouts from NFL model that called Jayden Daniels' huge season"
date: "2025-07-17T15:15:36.000Z"
slug: "fantasy-football-rankings-2025:-breakouts-from-nfl-model-that-called-jayden-daniels'-huge-season"
source: "CBSSports.com Headlines"
original_link: "https://www.cbssports.com/fantasy/football/news/fantasy-football-rankings-2025-breakouts-from-nfl-model-that-called-jayden-daniels-huge-season/"
description: "SportsLine simulated the NFL season 10,000 times and revealed its 2025 Fantasy football breakouts for 2025 Fantasy football draft prep"
mode: "summarize"
image: "https://sportshub.cbsistatic.com/i/r/2025/07/17/a79f4b31-316b-43d9-96c9-5ccd7b4bbe7a/thumbnail/1200x675/5f5c726f7b7fdf2c5d4815882be41eed/travis-hunter-imagn.jpg"
category: "american-football"
tags: ["american-football"]
domain: "cbssports.com"
---
<div id="readability-page-1" class="page"><div>
        
        
                            
                
        <p>Unless you're in a dynasty league, chances are that Fantasy football rookies are being overvalued to an extent. The NFL learning curve is steep and they often find themselves working to earn trust during the early portion of the season. However, they can still provide a lot of upside if you're not overdrafting, just as Buccaneers running back Bucky Irving did last season. Irving was the 55th running back off the board on average, but finished as RB12 in CBS Sports PPR leagues last year.&nbsp;</p><p>Having a reliable set of live-updated 2025 Fantasy football rankings can help you identify potential 2025 Fantasy football breakouts like Irving was last year, while also avoiding overhyped rookies. Before crafting your 2025 Fantasy football draft strategy,&nbsp;<a href="https://www.sportsline.com/nfl/cheat-sheets-and-rankings/#ttag=07072025_agg_cbssports_fantasy_football_nfl_model_cheatsheetsbreakouts" target="_blank">be sure to check out the 2025 Fantasy football rankings and cheat sheets from the proven computer model at SportsLine</a>.</p><p>Last year, the model accurately predicted that Commanders quarterback Jayden Daniels would comfortably outperform his ADP (QB13). The result: Daniels threw for 3,568 yards and 25 touchdowns with only nine interceptions and added 891 rushing yards with six more scores on the ground to take home NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year honors. He finished as QB5 in CBS Sports PPR leagues and was a great addition to Fantasy football lineups.</p><p>The same model has a proven track record providing Fantasy football tips, identifying A.J. Brown as a sleeper in 2020, nailing Jonathan Taylor's monstrous season in 2021 and correctly predicting C.J. Stroud would take a step back in 2024. Additionally, it's called past Fantasy football sleepers like Derrick Henry in 2019, Christian McCaffrey and Alvin Kamara in 2018, and Davante Adams in 2017. Anybody who banked on players like those made a run at their league title.</p>
        

<p>&nbsp;The model is powered by the same people who generated projections for all three major Fantasy Football sites, and it beat human experts last season when there was a big difference in ranking. The 2025 Fantasy football PPR rankings and 2025 Fantasy football standard rankings update multiple times daily, so you're always getting the best Fantasy football advice.</p><p>Now, SportsLine has simulated the entire NFL season 10,000 times and released its latest Fantasy football rankings 2025, along with plenty of sleepers, breakouts and busts.&nbsp;<a href="https://www.sportsline.com/nfl/cheat-sheets-and-rankings/#ttag=07072025_agg_cbssports_fantasy_football_nfl_model_cheatsheetsbreakouts" target="_blank">Head to SportsLine now to see them</a>.&nbsp;</p><h2>Top 2025 Fantasy football breakouts</h2><p>One of the 2025 Fantasy football breakouts the model is predicting: Patriots running back TreVeyon Henderson. New England spent the No. 38 overall pick on Henderson with the clear intent on upgrading their running game to help second-year quarterback Drake Maye reach his full potential. The Ohio State back rushed for 3,761 yards and 42 touchdowns in four years with the Buckeyes and led the Big Ten in yards per carry twice.</p>
        

<p>Now his quickest way to regular touches will be as a home-run hitter for the Patriots. Rhamondre Stevenson is coming off a disappointing season, but is still a short-yardage chain-mover at 230 pounds and is likely to have a role, while Antonio Gibson will also be a factor. However, neither have the recent production to block Henderson if he can learn the offense, and the model ranks him as their No. 2 rookie running back and also ranks him ahead of established backs like Najee Harris and Isiah Pacheco.</p><p>Another potential breakout that SportsLine's Fantasy football rankings 2025 have identified: <a href="https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/teams/JAC/jacksonville-jaguars/">Jaguars</a> wide receiver <a href="https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/players/28909849/travis-hunter/fantasy/">Travis Hunter</a>, who has an over/under of 750.5 receiving yards. A lot is being made about how much he'll play on both sides of the ball and how it may cut into his production offensively. However, Hunter regularly handled well over 100 snaps per game at Colorado and the Jaguars desperately need a receiver opposite Brian Thomas Jr. to balance the passing attack.</p><p>Hunter led the Big 12 in receptions (96) and receiving touchdowns (15) while also ranking second in the conference and fifth nationally in receiving yards (1,258). He's got high-level body control and proven athleticism, and the model predicts that he outperforms receivers like Jameson Williams and Darnell Mooney, who both finished top 25 in the NFL in receiving yards last season.&nbsp;<a href="https://www.sportsline.com/nfl/cheat-sheets-and-rankings/#ttag=07072025_agg_cbssports_fantasy_football_nfl_model_cheatsheetsbreakouts" target="_blank">See which other Fantasy football breakouts 2025 to pick here</a>.</p>
        

<h2>How to find proven 2025 Fantasy football rankings</h2><p>SportsLine is also extremely high on a rookie running back to make an immediate impact. The model ranks this player as a top-10 option ahead of more established stars like Christian McCaffrey and Bucky Irving.&nbsp;<a href="https://www.sportsline.com/nfl/cheat-sheets-and-rankings/#ttag=07072025_agg_cbssports_fantasy_football_nfl_model_cheatsheetsbreakouts" target="_blank">You can only see who it is, and the 2025 Fantasy football rankings for every player, at SportsLine</a>.</p><p><strong>So which 2025 Fantasy Football breakouts should you target, and which RB shocks the NFL with a top-10 performance? <a href="https://www.sportsline.com/nfl/cheat-sheets-and-rankings/#ttag=07072025_agg_cbssports_fantasy_football_nfl_model_cheatsheetsbreakouts" target="_blank">Visit SportsLine now to get 2025 Fantasy Football cheat sheets for every single position, all from the model that called Jayden Daniels' breakout rookie season</a>, and find out.</strong></p>


        
            </div></div>